This wach face is so nice but have a very fast animation! And this is not good!
Awesome, great concept. Would like it to show seconds and watch/phone battery percentages.


Great tanks
Does what it says it does. Only concern is that the animations slow down the watch. It has 12 and 24h format, you can choose how many strings are animated and if the strings are constantly animating or animate every second. Either way, really cool and very much so recommend.
Really like the look of this watch face but it seems despite what the change log states there isn't a way to adjust the settings at all, no 12hr format option, no color selection option etc. Wondering why that is missing. EDIT: Thank you, I see that now and can adjust them. I think now just to provide some color choices/selections and it would be even better. Even if there are some presets to choose from instead of individual color choices at first.
Apparently the battery drop is not caused by this but this is one of the most original faces currently available. If you can add weather somehow would be great . Well done !
I like this watch face but do not like red/green combo.  5 stars if given more options.
Is one of the faces got my eye that's for the 5 stars, wish if we could customize it a bit
Love this watch face. The only thing it's missing is a 12 hour option.
I tried many faces and this one is the my favorite.
This by far one of the better watch faces out there. Five stars if there could be a bit more customisation and the ability to add more information like weather. Etc.
How bout getting rid of the zero in 12hour mode and putting in am/pm
Hope to have more interactive features.
Wished it showed me my phone and watches battery level
I can't find it to go on my screen.
Very clean. Nicely done.
Thank you but I managed to get it to work by just reinstalling it. Although I will keep this in mind if I ever have any other problems. This is a great background and I love it. The only change I would make is being able to change the colours of the strings/waves. This could be controlled on the phone.
Very nice watch face to have on android wear. Wanted to give 5 stars but on my gear live the strings got distorted in idle/standby mode. Kindly resolve this issue.
A simple effective idea that works. It could use some customization options however, such as strings position, count, and custom colors. EDIT: I had to factory reset my watch recently, and now the 12/24 hour option works correctly, thank you for looking into it. I suggest removing the leading zero and adding a PM/AM symbol instead.
My favourite so far.   Would like the option of full animation in live mode and/or second animation in ambient mode. Definitely a battery killer but it would look awesome. Would give 5 stars for any of these features.    Thanks for all your hard work so far.  Update: OMG! Thanks for enabling the full animation! :D I don't think I paid for this app, anywhere I can donate?
This is my favourite watch face by far. Top design runs smoothly on my moto 360. Thanks keep up the outstanding work..wicked job.. :)
I've installed this watch face 3 times but for some reason it doesn't show up on my moto 360. Haaalp!
I Have install this app..but it seems like it hasn't installed...its not working
It doesn't seem to be showing up on my watch once I've downloaded it
The watchface is awesome and the developer is very helpful! One of the best watchfaces ever!
Runs smooth and does its job perfectly!!!
So nice to see the source code!
It worked! Thanks a lot!
Nice idea, well implemented
Best live theme
Awesome
Update: New 12-hour feature works great. Thanks for the quick turnaround on my feature request!
For example it still says 13:05 and it's 1:13 pm. I have a Moto 360.  Good animation though.  Thanks for the quick update but ....  After the 5/16/2015, the time changes lag ~ 5 minutes.  I have a Moto E second generation phone.
Simple but looks great on my Moto 360.  My favorite face so far. Initially encountered a bug with this app, but the developer was quick to respond and fix it.
The update fixed the problem I was having on the LG watch Urbane! Tremendous Thanks to the developer who quickly consulted me in order to fix the problem! Great watch face backed by a commited developer!
Sad this hasn't gotten many downloads yet. Pretty cool!
Very Poor. EVEN NOT OPENING
Fantastic
This watchface is my new go to on my moto 360. I would describe it as magical.  Only thing missing is a colour picker this girl would love more colours.  Also Muzei option is hit and miss. Often just shows a black background.  Add more colors and this 4 stars will IMMEDIATLY be 5 stars.  Thank devs for your awesome work, btw i would pay for extra features to ensure your continued awesomeness!
Clean and done right. This is the only face I have used that adapts to the cards and it displays the largest notifications of any face I have used while still keeping the info you need visible. I only wish there was a battery indicator for watch/phone and the date was bigger. Small things and not enough to keep me from giving a 5 star rating!
I have just two tiny complaints. The next minute should get updated on 00 seconds, but it gets updated on 58th second, which is a bit awkward. Secondly please add more colors. Otherwise very nice design and animation, simple yet sophisticated, love it. Please update the app and I will give all the 5 stars you deserve. For Huawei watch.
The is a really good watch face the way the seconds change and animate the integration of muzei is really nice I absolutely love the way the time moves out of the way when you bring up your notification cards it's a great little face and one of my favorites to rock on my west device hands down
The design is amazing. It makes me just want to sot and stare at my watch and see the seconds count. The accommodation for Muzei just makes the whole thing even better: I get to see a lovely picture done by one of the most talented people ever, and see the incredible design of the numbers.
It's my favorite watch face by far but it would be nice to have the short card option. The cards taking up half the screen and fading at the end is a real put off. But other than that everything is peachy keen!
My moto 360 got the 5.1.1 update, and now the Muzei option of the form watch face is not working. It shows the numbers, but the background is blank. I hope it starts working again! It's my favorite watch face.
Good job, Roman. Been faithful to this one since summer. Love the Muzei integration and coordinating color scheme especially.  September 2016 update: this app has been left behind. Doesn't jive well with Muzei any longer. Just sad.
Really like the style and minimalism to the face. Muzei integration doesn't seem to work. Just a black screen with the time. But it looks pretty awesome with a black background and the blue numbers. So if that style could be implemented as a default choice in the future that will be cool.
I only downloaded the watch face to check out its muzei integration. I thought it was utterly unreadable at first and immediately changed it. I then changed it back on a whim and haven't gone more than a few minutes without it as my watch face. The font becomes more readable after just a few looks. It's very simple and absolutely beautiful with muzei involved.
Not many watch faces get articles written about them - it's your phone's wallpaper on your watch!  - but it blurs the wallpaper so much ithat it's meaningless. I'm keeping it because I love the font
I use this in conjunction with the Muzei wallpaper app, and I think it's very nice looking. The only thing I ask is that Mr. Nurik make an official Form widget for my homescreen
(Moto 360) Everything works except the seconds function. When it comes out of ambient mode, the seconds flash on screen for a second and then disappear.
This is by far one of my more favorite watch faces. Its simplicity is its greatest feature and I love the fact that Roman has given us different color faces to choose from. Great job on this and keep up the good work!!
I really like the way it looks and feels but I would like to be able to select small cards and more colors..... UPDATE: when using this face I get worse battery life and buggy performance including powering off at weird times and black screen between pages of the interface (it doesn't so this on other watch faces) and the seconds don't show except every once in a while they blink on and back off again. Hope it gets fixed soon. I'm using a 1st gen moto 360... Reinstalled and the second are back.
I think this should allow you to pick your own custom colors. That would add variety and a five star from me.
Other watchface make image distorted on watch. But yours fit perfectly. Just a little heavily tinted. Adding slider in phone setting perhaps
does not work on LG Watch Urbane. "unable to download watch face, Bluetooth connection needed". I'm connected, but alas, no go.
It is great only thing is that the minute updates at 0:58, not at 0:00. They also need to have a black color as one if the options. Maybe a battery icon would be useful.
Wow this is definitely the best watch face I have right now! It has lots of customisation (plus seconds which I like) and the animations are amazing. Great app! 😀
Can you add an option to make the watchface amoled friendly? I was thinking that adding a black background option, as well as the option to select a secondary color for the clock itself.
Please fix timezone auto update issue. Every time when landing in new time zone have to switch to another watch face and back to overcome. Google watch faces switch automatically.
It great watch ⌚ face
Love the fact that I can use muzei app t change backgrounds on my phone all day and it changes the way my watch looks seamlessly! Great job Dev. Seriously the only face I use on my lg g watch. Only watch face that actually makes my watch feel like an extension of my phone. Nexus 6 and Lg G watch.
Great app, but Muzei itself can be pretty buggy since it doesn't update when it's supposed to. It would be nice if this also updated to whatever the system wallpaper updated to. Also, Now that I am on Android Wear 2.0 I have to reinstall the app to get it on my watch.
I absolutely love this watch face. However on my moto 360, I cannot seem to use the muzei mode. It just doesn't show up. All of the other colours work though. Please check why this is happening and maybe add more colours
The best face on the store. No flair, no BS, just a great app. I have used it since my Moto 360 and it's the only face I need.
It is beautiful. Having more colors would be greatly appreciated. Also I want to report if there is any kind of notification even if it's not over the watch face the seconds won't show. Please fix. Other than that I'm very happy with it.
Looks beautiful here.. But I can't the watchface on the wear app
Good watch face with pleasant animations. Can't seem to locate the Muzei theme though. Also wish the time and date filled up the screen a bit more. Using LG G Watch. Thank you!
I thought this watch face was pretty cool. But then I downloaded Muzei and it transformed into an amazing watch face. I love the animations. I love the daily backgrounds (I use the landscapes add on). I love this watch face. It's like I don't have any other faces on my Moto 360. This is the only one I use.
Perfect however please could you make an app or setting to allow us to change the size/scaling, I have more screen size on my watch I'd like to use!!
The date always seems to be a day behind, and it requires changing the watch face every day to fix. Otherwise, its a great watch face!
Love this watch face, as it give a material flat look that is colorful or I can make it my own with photos or art.    **Only request is to have a black silhouette "look" with white clock face lines that matches the look of the watch when not in dim mode.
But why the 4 stars? Personally, I prefer dark watch faces as it blends with the black bezels. So if you could, have a dark background and a bright colored writing, you will have a complete package!
It's actually pretty rare to find many animated watchfaces of this quality. Being a mograph fan, this watch definitely pleases!
One of my go to watch faces love the ambient display version very well done . wish It had a color wheel chooser instead of preset colors . but awesome. Also an always ambient mode
I didn't find this a useful time display, sorry.
This is the best android wear watch face I've used. It's simple,  beautiful, and integration with the Muzei live wallpaper app makes it even better.
It is the best watchface i could found but i don't see a option for it to display which week it is, when it have that option i will rate it 5 stars. Thanks!
I like busy looking stuff and this is busy. Battery life is ok too. But Think it would be nice to have some colour options. Like you know to pick a color for ambient mode or something.
Add step count to the design and make the calendar, step count and weather interactive then it would get 5 stars
Thank you ☺ working great now and love the color in ambient.
... if only the text fit on the moto 360
The most interesting one yet
Such a unique face that provides a ton of information at a glance. I've yet to test how this effects battery life on my LG G watch, but there are very cool scheduling options included in the face settings. I think a few areas could be cleaned up a bit, but overall, this is a fun and unique way of telling time on android wear. If you like the look, this is definitely worth a purchase. This is my new default face!
Like it a lot. I don't have an Android watch, glad to see that this works on a phone. The selection of colors and faces is nice, more would be welcome. Maybe add time of solar noon? For a while I thought the shadow was reversed, if you point 12  noon North, the shadow is correctly oriented.
Interesting view. Like the sunrise and sunset: bigger font than on F04 watch face. BUT...  the black font color of the sunrise/set times is unreadable on the dark blue background of the nighttime face. The color of the sunrise/set font should also switch at night, like the color of the time. I've only had the face for a day, so I don't recall if the date was also in an unreadable font color; if so, the same applies to that.
Nice one! Interesting idea! Beautiful colors. It’s a lot of fun also to change location on the map and see how the shadow and the hour lines change.
Wow, amazing. Never've seen such watches. Just cool! Love it :)
One of this Disneyland Cast Members favorite watch faces. Please consider designing a face for Jungle Cruise, Trains, Main Street Vehicles, Disneyland's 60th anniversary, etc.
Love the vibe I get from this watch face. Looks ace on my Gear Live.
really awesome, looks great on my lg watch r
Such a fun watch and love the different setting options.
By far my favorite watch face for my moto360. It also doesn't drain the battery like some other watch faces do.
Nice quality fun
Nice & simple
Very cool looking
Works perfectly on my moto 360.
I really love the look of this watch face, but I started having issues after I installed it. The screen would come on at random times, even when in Theater Mode. The issues stopped as soon as I uninstalled it. Not having it selected a the primary watch face wasn't enough. It had to be uninstalled.
I love the design for this watch face, the graphics and art are great!
A very userfriendly timeface widget. Thanks
A home screen widget for smart phones.... Its really cool.
Fun Clock app.This is a great clock to download. I love it.
Simple and creative  app.Best featured app for every one...
This app is nice-designed. I'm really impressed with it. Highly recommend. Great application!
Nice detailing and art collection. Cant get enough of it :) highly recommended
I just love these new graphs.
Doesn't load onto Smartwatch 3 from a Sony M1, can't find it anywhere on the face bank. Did on second attempt. No date.
Great game but way to many POP ups
not shown in phone or watch useless
So futuristic from a crackinly brilliant legacy of top notch sci fi
I wish that if Arnold Schwarzenegger saw this, he would have it too. I am very proud to have it to honor him.
Would like settings to be able to control the face time to power saver face screens.
Installed and never shows up.  Can't find it anywhere.
Watch face does not show up to select on watch or phone  No response from developer.  S4 & Moto 360
No way to set it.
Not very imaginative
Time waste
I can not open it,,,why??
The skull disappeared though
I downloaded it but it won't let me open it or push on it
Watch faces suck love them!
How could I find the watch
Dose it work  on the galaxy  gear
Just stick around
Christopher Hayden is a tool
I cant see it
Please add the date
I worked good for me
Nic
terminator
Awesome
Seriously, what is up with these new watch faces? They all look like boring garbage in ambient mode showing just the digital time in small font. Come on, make it look GOOD.
FIX THIS OR ILL TRAKE YOU DOWN AND FIND EVERYONE KILL THEM THEN YOU
Could not fine it
How do you use it?
Doesn't work
Installed it and nothing happened, what a shame
Battery hog.
The terminator in the watch gone
Description

best graphics and easy to download
Best
Its good
Beautiful Excellent Excited I am to have this wallpaper !!!!!!! Thank you!
Cool
Screen is good
I love this app and use him.
Before it was better when it was day the wallpaper is day and when its night the wallpaper is night plz do it like that & you will get v stars
Nyc night and day amazing wallpaper  love it.
Its great!!!!
Superb
More picture
I have'nt seen that but what ever I can say that's awesome yaar.that's really my cup of tea
Not working just loadin and loading
Why is the whole thing moving now? I'd love to have the option to turn it back to the old version.
Why did you change it? It takes a while to load and my screen is black until it does. I don't even use it anymore. Please change it back.
After the update it now runs over a 400mb..before it never did..please fix
It reminds me being roaming around in New York.
Breathtakingly Beautiful! I Love New York! Great app!
I love New York.....the apps also great!!
The Recently Updated Pro of this App is very bad, it leaves out the New World Trade Center and Pier Restuarants seen from the Brooklyn Bridge View. Very UNHAPPY  about that.   The free app is still the same, showing the unfinished view of the WTC
I love New York
Love this wallpaper, hate the ads though. Think I'll go pro it's the next best thing of being back home.
Beautiful pics of the city, love watching sunrise/sunset on my phone!
Can't believe it so pretty wallpaper and looks like real :)
Works great, nice panorama pic. I did set sunrise on NY time so now I can feel NY on my phone. Again, love it!
When I'm missing the city I love so very much, this is a beautiful sight to see!  I'm downloading the 3D version, too!  Thanks for a great app!
Love It My HomeTown New York is the  Very Best.
This app New york city day and night wallpaper is beautiful, especially night view looks so real. Good job.
Makes me feel like I'm back at home. Thanks!
The city I have never get to forget it's amazing site and color !
Very good, it can adjust with the sunrise and sunset time, great work!
Pretty good app for New York lovers!
Amazing transition between day and night, great shots of the city skyline.
Doesn't update on time, but the pics are great! 4 stars!
Everybody want to know about this wallpaper app ..in it is fair to let it be known
Wish it would fade into the time of day but great app
badboy app wiked
The app doesn't give notification and is a perfect skyline image
This is an awesome app! I highly recommend installing on your device!
New York is one of the best towns in the coutry.
i love this but can you make downtown Shreveport
Hi friends
Fantastic watch face. I have two minor suggestions, both related to ambient mode. An option for a "higher quality" that shows the texture background and better graphics in ambient mode would be nice. Obviously this would drain more battery, but the g watch r and urbane batteries are monsters and could most likely handle it. Additionally, there is a bug with the burn in prevention and colors. One of the dots got moved almost off of the screen and turned red rather than my defined color of mustard.
I tried the free for a couple hours.  Loved it.    Then decided to upgrade. Even told my colleagues about it.  Here are some issues I'd like to see addressed.  Battery life lasts about 4hrs (moto360).  Also could you add a way to save preferences?  As expected, I am redoing my settings.  Great work!
Loved the free version,  so I decided to purchase the full. Now I have to restart my phone every day - otherwise my watches battery depletes in 6hours. Second problem is that the settings are not being saved - I change the color and a few hours later it goes back to blue.  Happens every time!
Then I realised I couldn't see it too well outside.  Would like the ability to change background colour.   Thay would make it amazing.   Has all the details I need to hand.   Just wish I could use this face more,  but there are other ones which are clearer during daylight hours.  I find myself shielding this one to be able to view it
Not great, why do the calendar events dissappear when the watch dim (goes into ambient mode). It should be possible to decide what will dissappear in ambient mode. Also, its too dark in ambient mode, even with highest "brightness"
After update to 5.1.1 there is a lot of lag. Needs work. I did restart both watch and phone but it did not help. Lag appears to be only with Vizor Watch. Other Watchmaker faces work fine.
I have took the time to look at watchface for a few hours, and I can't find anything as perfect as this. It combines accessibility with quality perfectly
Weather not gets updated and steps always stuck, not at all accurate. Kindly fix this. Otherwise, refund the money.
I'm pretty impressed by how much information and functionality was packed into a display and interface that is clean and simple.  I'd give it 5 stars if I can switch to F instead of C in terms of temperature units.  Great job!  UPDATE: Thanks for the tip! +1 star. :)
Sucks the heck out of your watch battery, but pretty while it does.  As a previous purchaser pointed out, he got 4 hours.  He was accurate as heck.  I put my watch on at 6 when leaving for work and it was almost dead (10%) by lunch time.
The face looks great other than the step counter reading less steps than the Google fit app.
Great watchface.  The site where you get the editable version isn't working is there anywhere else I would be able to get it?
Great watch face. Satisfied with the purchase. All the info I need at a glance . My only suggestion would be more color options and my time keeps changing from 12hr to 50hr. Keep up the good work!
Love the watch face, but the digital time won't stick on the 12 hour setting. Also the weather can't be changed too Fahrenheit, or give us the option to remove the weather. Thanks
Love it so far. I would like the option to change the vizorwatch logo to custom wording and maybe heart rate instead of step counter but it's a very good effort.
NOT appearing correctly on 5.1.1, and would like option to remove stopwatch, etc  Specifically, the weather sun is in the center of the watch, can't be toggled. I've uninstalled and re installed, to no avail
This is by far my favourite watch face. Now if only the digital clock could show a second time zone it would be perfect.
The free watch face shows a square watch. However the premium version has a round watch. How do I get the square watch for my Sony smartwatch 3?
Nice features but the dim mode is offset in random directions. Reported it to the developer with no response.
I am really enjoying my watch after installing this watch face. Ultimate one!!!!
I love this face, next update should have compass.
Fantastic watch face, keep up the good work.
Wish you could change the weather from Celsius and Fahrenheit
Add custom icon to Run an App from Watch Face directly...
These people are on fire, great work again, love this face.
Perfect
Love the watch and design but needs a better dim mode in my opinion
I must say, I am impressed by this face. Perfect combination of functionality and design. But why the hell to have both 12h and 24h time on screen with latest update. Please, do have only one time format displayed. I dont care which, or make it a choice in settings. Thanks for your work. M.
Love this face, all the info I need without looking cramped or in the way. Great work.
Very nice face, excellent features.
Watch Maker is horrible.  Do not bother with this.
I would prefer to be able to alter this in Watchmaker.  Since I cannot,  refunded,  deleted,  back to making my own.
No animation, no picture.  Just a clock shows up.  I clicked refund before the 15 minute time limit was up.
No weather info shows up. Just a tiny little clock at the bottom.
If it had different size widgets i.e. smaller widgets, or no widget on the phone as this app says its for wear... Also if on the wear round display you could change the position of the step notification i.e. it says 'fitbit updates', you have to swipe it up to see the step count. Would be way better if you could just see the step count
Wouldn't link to fitbit on phone. So it never did anything. So I don't know yet.
Crashes! It is so stupid and is a waste of time!
Doesn't do anything with Android Wear....
My app does not rotate every 20 seconds on my Samsung S5.  Please fix
Also won't work on BLU R1 HD. Doesn't show up as an available widget.
Fitbit
Installed the free version and it keeps crashing on my Nexus 5 when I try and add the widget to my home screen. Made sure the Fitbit app was running and nothing else could be causing it, but to no avail.
Installed the widget when tried to link to Fitbit account the application quit working and cleared from screen
Fix up the launching on the widget
Please add multiple choices for timeout. Android's default of 5 seconds is too short. Options of 5, 10, 15, and 20 would be great. Options of different colors other than blue/green/red would also be great.
time out setting would be great.. watch battery at button would nice ;-)
Lots of options, support for date display, and card previews.
Simple but elegant.  Nicely done!
Favourite on the Huawei Watch.. Just beautiful.. Wish the second hand was continuous analogue rather than a discrete ticker.... Update Oh wow dream come true after 1.90 update this is my daily driver
Simple, elegant & easy to configure #LoveIt
Clean and easy to use. Great deep black
Easy to use, read, and show offf.
I enjoyed the watchface! The Dev is super cool about suggestions. That's a sign of good developer, I know the app will be well supported!
very sleek design
Feature to put this on screen as a clock widget
Looks great on LG GWR
Looks good on the LG g watch
Simple and elegant
Are you ok ?
Awesome
Drop has beautiful, smooth animations and bright colors that I really appreciate.  I would like to be able to change the battery percentage to the date (and adding support for the Wear 2.0 complications API would be even better).  It would also be cool if you could make your own ripples on the face by tapping it.
Maybe change the color option
Is there any way to change to a 12 hour format? Thanks to this watch I have a better grasp on military time, but yeah.
Just wish i could choose yellow too but that's just me being picky
A nice simple retro arcade look. I use military time for work.  But to have the option for a 12 hour setting would be nice.  Even date format.
If you move it up a few pixels, it won't be under my notifications on my Moto 360
古い感じが好き。特にオプションもないし、もっさりせず使いやすい。
5 stars if fixed please
Like the retro feel of it
Weather seems inaccurate by a long shot. It's close to 80 here and the app says 71. The forecast for the next three days is mid to upper 70s but the app says 60s
Steps and battery gauges don't seem to be refreshing.
I like Gauge a lot! Great watch face with so many and so nice customization features!
Amazing watch face.  The level of customization is of highest level! Recommended
It is a nice watch face with plenty of customization options
Awesome watch face. The level of customization is amazing - you can make it look sporty or classical or even funny. The weather and steps features are nice and the interctivity provides easy access to everything needed!  Highly recommended!
The watchface is an interesting design, but it's too small to be usable.
Used this for a long time and I am now returning because I missed it
It is a good idea but the seconds hand felt choppy and in appealing, really fuzzy as well on the background when inactive. Just didn't look good during use.
I would like to see custom colour options, seeing as I paid for it that's what I'd expect. Also on my Moto 360 the numbers at the bottom are cut off because of the 'flat tyre' design which I kind of hate
Like mentioned by Andrew its not working or showing up on my watch or phone!! Is this a rip off?? Please explain?
I noticed the face shifts off center, when in ambient mode, also when it's 12:00 the 12 comes out as 00 reading 00:00 please fix.
Twenty four hour format not supported and wouldn't mind seeing some color adjustability and ambient setting time adjustability as well.
sorry

I can't change the settings.
Wont download to watch and doesnt appear in my apps on phone unless I search app manager. Bought it twice now and still doesnt work.
Looks great on watch, I wish there was a little more customization for colors and tap feature but overall great !! Thanks
Straightforward but great looking on my Huawei.  Less is more.
Great looking.
Absolutely gorgeous face.  The detail and clarity of the visual elements is incredible, and the expert use of shadow effects really lends a powerful sense of depth to this face. This is one of the more realistic faces I've encountered, and I've tried a lot. The dev is also very responsive to feedback and was very quick to implement a toggle for the bezel at my request. Thanks!
I don't know if it's an optical illusion or a problem, but the watch face looks slightly off-kilter on the LG urbane.
This looks really nice but it is off center on my Moto 360 2nd gen, it is really annoying and I would be grateful if this could be fixed as this is the only free Nixie tube watch face and it looks professional.  15/12/17 Edit: I have tried it again and it is still in the top left corner, not centered, sorry :(
Works great and is beautiful on my old Moto360v1. It is off center and unusable on my new Huawei watch. Also, where is the 24H Option? This is a pretty big omission. Fix these 2 issue then it is 5*'s.
Nice nixie tube looking watch face. Has a flicking effect, would like to have a toggle for that. Also a 24 hr mode?
Not centered at all on my Huawei, which is too bad because it would be AWESOME if it was.  Please update to center the graphic.  It's completely unusable as is, but the potential for cool is obvious.
Image is off center to the top left.
Off to top left on Huawei watch
The scaling and centering on the Huawei Watch is completely broken, making this face completely unusable on that device.
Perfect in every way except needs 24 hour mode instead of just 12 hour mode. Do that and it will get a well deserved 5 star rating! :-)
When using on a Moto 360 sport the display is off center which makes it completely nonfunctional. The design is nice though. If the dev can fix it, 5 stars.
Watch appears small and stuck up in the upper left corner of the screen on my Moto 360 v2.
I love this watch face but I'm used to reading the time in 24hr mode. Please add this and I'll happily rate 5 stars :)
One star to get your attention. Off-center on 2nd gen Moto 360. Please fix.
One huawei watch it is not un the centre, but top left
Not centered, sitting at the top left of the screen, please fix it on Huawei watch 2.
Not centered on huawei watch, offset to upper left
Two requests? When in dim mode, drop the displayed digits to centre. Is it possible to have an actual 5 digit - current one looks like a reversed 2?       ++++++++++++++++++++++++++ thanks for the reply, never knew about the 5 :-)
Garbage... not a good looking face  nor does it fit on my watch
Not optimized for Huawei watch or Fossil Q Explorist
Needs to be centered on 2 gen moto 360. Once this happens, it will be my go-to watch face.
But it's not centered in my moto 360 2nd gen
Looks extremely cool, however it is still positioned incorrectly on the moto 360 2nd gen.
Great, I don't suppose you'll make a metro last light style variant would you?, or at least a 24 hour mode?
The tubes are off center on Huawei. Other watch faces from this author are OK there.
Especially in the dark. 😈
Cool but I think the flickering should have a toggle setting
Nixies don't flicker that fast
Flickers and is offset. Uusable
Needs a 24h mode and ability to toggle flickering.
Looks amazing! It works unlike half the nixie watch faces.
Please fix scaling on moto 360 second gen
Off center on 2nd gen Moto 360.
Off center.
... it is off center on my Huawei. Hope you can fix it as it looks awesome.
Thanks!
Please fix it on huawei watch. Not in the middle.
Good watch face with minimum  battery use.  Would be 6* if it was more configurable.
Off center on Huawei watch.
Not scaling on Moto 360
Best nixie watch available. any chance of a 24 hour option.
Only way it could be better would be 24 hr option
Love the design great work!
Little above from center will be beauty.
It is eazy to see!
great one Like
This app very good
Sab
MOBAT
Chauhan

This is a best watch.
Keeps freezing
Best and easy to use
M
Oj
super
Good
good
When you install & open the app: it simply says "upgrade to Pro. version".. so why this free app shown? Playing over-smart..???
It really indicates time. That sounds unbelievable for a watch.
Deserves 5 Star!
I Like it
Open today 7am-4pm
It's so good
Thank you for all the best
I like it
Very good watch to see the time
Rashid Khan


Loved it
Best good to read & See
Thegood
The only
Is good click
Ok
And easy
Madinah
Ok
Ok
Nc...
Nice
Very useful! A little harder on both batteries, but tolerably. Using for (your) full moon widget, WOL, and some otherwise impossible remote phone controls. Shame about the multiple-widget bug, and I wish I could alter the update interval for those too, but this app is a keeper.
I finally got some widgets on my watch. When I get widget on the phone in wearable widget app they are interactive. But most are not. Most are simply a screen shot of the phone widget. What good is this app if mostly just gives a picture of a widget.  For example the gmail widget scrolls in the wearable widget phone app, but not workable on the watch. On the watch I just see a picture of what is a widget, not workable.  Another example the callendar doesn't update. The weekly calendar scrolls on the phone WW app, but not the watch. Just a picture of the app on the watch.  Now the widget on the watch is just blank black screen. No phone widget. I still say it is useless.
It does not work when the phone is asleep. I wanted to use it for Wake On LAN apps. If the phone screen is at least lit up, it will work. If the phone is asleep, and I tap the app on the watch, I can hear the phone doing the tap sound, but nothing happens. I have tried multiple wol apps, but nothing works, they all do the same thing. I cannot tell if it is the app on the phone, or the app on the watch, or an Android issue altogether.
Fantastic and absolutely essential app for non-Android wearables (like my Gear S3). I use it for Gmail and National Rail widgets.  One glitch (hence 4 stars) is that when having multiple 'Wearable Widgets', they often revert to the same app / widget (e.g. 2x Gmail widgets), therefore I have to touch below one of the duplicate widgets and scroll (once again) to the correct app / widget (e.g National Rail). Hopefully this can be fixed.
Don't make the mistake of paying for the full version like I did. You're supposed to be able to add multiple widgets, but when you try to add a second one, you don't get a choice of which one you want to add, it just keeps adding the first one over and over again. $1.99 later, I can add multiple widgets to my phone that I can't do anything with. And no option for a refund because it was an in app purchase. Rediculous!
Sadly this can only be set up as a watch face on your Samsung gear. I would prefer it to be configured as a standard widget on the watch. Otherwise the app is a great idea.
I use this app mainly for a weather satellite widget. In that use case scenario, it's pretty good - it would be pretty awesome to be able to put the time over a particular widget though.
I got this app to use with Phone Profiles Plus to be able to change ring profiles from my Gear S3, works fine for the first few hours then it stops updating the Widget and the Widget on the watch because useless as I can't change profiles. To get it to work again I need to delete the Widget of my watch and add it back on my watch again and then it works for a few hours again, I would of bought the paid version of it work properly.
I use this with the Xdrip app and the Gear S2 watch.  I love it.  It's a great concept and great implementation.  I'm looking forward to the multiple widgets on a single watch face.
The phone app kept crashing while "checking for in app purchases" and would not load properly even after restarting both the app and the phone multiple times.
The lack of a Samsung SmartThings widget on a Samsung watch being run by a Samsung phone is beyond irritating. But this app bridges the gap in a perfectly acceptable manner. I'd have paid more for the upgrade for sure!
Good concept, but HATE that it takes over my watch face and is not a widget in the app itself. For that reason, I am uninstalling. If, however, thinga change and I can add widgets from this app like I would normally add widgets to my Sgear, I'll be back.
Wanted to have an app which would allow me to control my smart TV volume/channel and my tp link smart plugs and bulbs from my s3 gear and this does just what I wanted. Thanks
Could be a great app for the gear S3 sadly I can't use any of the widgets. Deezer widget works however outlook WhatsApp messages are just screenshots from my phone.
Has a digital clock and weather from my watch home screen. It's awesome to customize!
Where do I find the widget app for the gear 2 neo? , I used to work with it perfect, to me no drain battery happened
Works well with the 5 widgets I use on my Samsung Gear S3.
I want to use it to combine widgets, but ask to pay before even letting me try to see if it works as I want.
Me search in samsung gear app but not found your app in gear. Plz add your app in gear app store. Thx Gear s3 & galaxy s8
After install...major battery drain!! Unistalled!
I want to use it with my Gear S3, it shows in both Pixel XL and S3, but won't connect.
Cant put Tasker shortcuts on any of my watch devices anymore. Not sure why not.
This app is so great!
Great app.
amazing app loved it.eEasy to us
There is a lag in updating the widget between phone and Huawei watch. Even if I reduce to 1 minute on the settings when I open the widget it shows last time updated like more than 5 to 10 minutes ago. It won't update even if I leave it open.
Doesn't work as well as I hoped with Wink widgets. I bought this primarily so I can control my Wink setup. Watch is connected to the the phone but the app can't find the phone and keeps asking "phone nearby?"  Or "failed to send tap". Additionally, the widgets take too long to load.   I am sure the Wink widget is also problematic but the watch app seems quite flaky. On the plus side, any non-interactive widgets work just fine though they still take a while to show up. I would ask for my money back but am hopeful the developer will continue to work on this and improve the current poor experience on my Gear S3.
This app fills a void in the gear app market. It's not perfect as you can't really interact with the widgets from your phone on your watch, but it is perfect for displaying any kind of info like a weather or phone data use
Seems to work, but it just replaces your entire watch face with the widget. Nothing like what is shown on their website or store  description where widgets work with your watch face. Great if you don't actually want to use your watch as a watch. I was expecting an app like every other AW app. Swipe left open app, use widget, swipe again and close app. No it takes over the entire screen and the only way to get out is to go into watch setting and change the watch face back to an actual watch. Need to open it ? Go back to your list of app and scroll down to W open it, use widget, then go back into settings and change watch face back to your favorite watch.  Maybe there are options to make it actually functional in the paid version, but I am not going to pay before I can play .    RE:  You don't know what I was expecting ? I was expecting a widget like what is pictured in your description that works along with a watch face. Adds a button or 2 to the watch face.  Not an app that just takes over the entire watch face.
Maybe I didn't have proper expectations. I wanted an app that would display widgets on 1 watch face for multiple apps, rather it's 1 widget, upgrade for multiple widgets  ($), swipe, another widget swipe, swipe, etc. It's not near as convenient as i had hoped. UPDATE: my time widget  wasn't staying current, obvious issue when my watch said the wrong time frequently. Sadly, app removed
Brilliant idea, but not really works well on my watch. The displayed widget will override the watchface, that is a drawback for me.
As a new project, I would like to see the same concept applied to Chromecast. This would be an excellent app concept for Chromecast! Especially for displaying real time stock & equities data on a TV via widgets created with this app.
Perfect app to extend the functionality of your wearable. Love it!
I will be keeping a eye on development for this app!  I like what I see!
Best app for Samsung Gear S3 :)
Not working on gear s3. Widgets not showing on watch face
Crashes/locks up my phone as soon as I try to launch the app. force reboot my phone and try again but same issue. App not working, crashes phone. Galaxy Note 2 Android 4.4.4
Working okay now after having problems to begin with. Will definitely recommend it.
Would be 5 star if it showed up in the widget list on my gear s3, atm I must either set it as the watchface, or open the gear app.
THIS IS THE WORST APP I HAVE FOUND. DOES NOT WORK. DO NOT BUY. I WANT MY MONEY BACK.
Watch Face is OK but won't show the date in the correct way shows (06/00),I have emailed the maker but no response
Doesn't work any more
I installed this but nowhere does the watch face show up... Tried several times then uninstalled. It never showed up in watch faces on wear app or on watch?  Waited for half  hour.
Best watch face out there!
Thank you for the watch and generosity of giving...
Very nice!
Nice watch.    Can you add a setting to change the active time on?
After installing it I could not see it on my phone or my watch. I have an LG G4 and an LG watch urbane. Would love to use this if it worked what am I doing wrong?
Sickest theme in the Play store! By far
Worst app not working in any mobile
LOL!!!
Skapoor
I like the idea, but is it only me or is the expression for 1 doesn't make exactly 1, but a number close to -1? Please like this if you see it too
The expression for "1" is incorrect. Too bad, it's a great idea.
Show of your level of nerdness in math class, simply amazing
Just fix the clipping on the bottom on moto 360
Lovly
The formula for the '1' is incorrect, it gives -1.000009869
Hello is very good software thanks 👑
Ambient mode has no detail at all, will get repurchase if a full ambient mode option is added.
Doesn't work not worth anything. It should be free as a matter of fact about 2 get refund
It doesn't sync with my watch. I pressed the sync button a few times but it does nothing.
Keep getting this error ”watch face is not ready". I select a watchface and it still doesn't work. Looks like a nice watchface but without the app to make selections....It just sucks.
Just install and use - no need for excessive customizations.
Beautiful on Smartwatch 3, wish I could change from km/h to mph though. For those complaining about it wanting you to purchase again, have you selected this face and not the free version? Worked fine for me.
Will revise after its fixed. Even though I paid for the full version, it did not unlock the promised features. It acts like it's not installed.
I just bought it, but are still not able to change anything. It just tells me to buy it again.
Even after paying for the premium edition the additional features do not work on my rooted Gear 2 with android wear ROM.  Disappointed.
Bought this app ; dosen't work ; says buy again. Don't google apps work anymore.
Bought app and doesnt work ask to buy again WTF!
I purchased the pro mode and still not reflected and the watch and it is still telling me to buy the pro version again
Every time I open the Android Wear app to change the settings it crashes.
Stick with the FREE version,  not worth paying for features as there is just two,, change from C to F.   and Light to Dark,,,   why bother,, other items are still in metric.   Just not worth any money to change.  Others by this same author is same way.  not worth paying for
Location, settings all broken
Purchased the pro and it isn't working. Keeps telling me to buy the pro. Can't get to the settings...
Once I figured out that when I bought the full version it was configured in a different watchface that was installed
Would be better with a 24hour option!
This app crashes when trying to adjust the settings, which is unfortunate, because the watch face is one of the nicer faces I've found on the app store.
I had Pro version. Kept saying I needed to upgrade. Have a Moto 360. Would like to try a working app.
Upgraded to Pro and app did not update. Had to request refund.
I would like the addition of a date function and the option to show or hide the date,  show or hide the temperature,  show or hide the battery levels,  and make the battery level font larger so I can see it.  Thanks
Same complaints as everyone else more options would raise it to a 5 star face
Every time you go to edit watchface, it closes and says not responding.
2 stars for now. When I can change °c to °f and/or change the color, I'll rate it again.... Side Note: Ppl that buy the pro version & send dev(s) an email.... It would be nice to respond.
Paid to unlock features but it wouldn't
No Fahrenheit. No 24/12hr option.
Paid but never got anything. It said it installed but nothing ever showed.....
Just installed. Seems to be working fine. Pretty good looking. One question though: isn't it possible to show the next watch alarm on the watch face ? It's funny but I haven't found any face having such a feature... Am I the only one to want this piece of information displayed permanently ?
A really classy face, with crisp fonts and high visibility. Easy on the battery. Bravo!
Hello is very very good thanks
Love it
Boo
Interface on phone is in readable, cannot even tell what settings you can change if you were to get the "pro" version. Cannot even toggle a single setting in free version. Uninstalling.
Battery kept charging in reverse since I kept this watch face.kindly fix it.. Will give it 5 stars.
Awesome in the Dark. Mission Impossible 15
High tech outfit
I love it lok
Good
Simple and works well. It would be good if you could toggle 24 hour click to am/pm
Just what look for, still room to improve. Hope you continue developing this
Simple and very useful
Has a few different designs but you can't choose any. Constantly crashes.
It DONT stay on.. It's a shame cuZ it's really cute... All that shows is Just white numbers on a black background... SMH.
What's up with all these new watch faces without a 12-hour option?? Uninstalled!
Can not change from military time. Screen went black after a few minutes and could only see Cynthia Rowley name.
Installed and uninstalled several times and never worked
Looks cool, but it's too big for my LG G Watch. The horizontal layout barely fits but isn't centered.
This face really is great, and unique.  I do wish the colors were more customizable.  I would also like to be able to adjust settings from within wear app as well.  Still 5 stars though.
It used to be good, but since the marshmallow android wear update it just became extremely ugly and buggy
I like the face, so far...but a few more colors would be nice. Personally, I'd like a darker blue...like navy blue with silver bars. ;-) I deducted a star because the face often stutters on wake and takes a sec to update. This has been corrected on other watch faces. So, I suspect it can be corrected here, too.
Could not change settings, so I restarted my phone and watch. Right now the watch will not finish rebooting. I've removed the app. I hope when the battery dies in the watch it will be OK. Edit :it's OK. Could use more color and font choices.
A notification popped up advertising a watch face on my shade. As soon as I blocked notifications from this app it went away.
Every time I try to access the settings the page is blank. If I could change the settings I think I would rate this much better.
Stop. Just stop doing this.
The new update fixed the face.  I love it! Thank you!
Love the look of this watch face but it doesn't fit the lg G watch screen correctly please fix
Great app but recently have been having frequent crashes, after restarting and reinstalling the app
I gave the 5th star now that you've updated with some colour change options. Love it.
Great and clean looking watch face. Easy to read and looks futuristic. However, there is no customization options available, just a blank page. please update with settings for a 5 star rating this app deserves!
I tried this watch face and I found it hard to read. Also, the pictures show it with multiple colors, but I could find no setting to change without the from black to something else. Also, when it's in the vertical orientation, a good chunk of time is covered up by notifications, so if you have a notification, you can't tell what hour it is.
Have it one full day then you will understand the real value
Installed this watch face for my lg g watch. Isn't correctly centered and there is no option to fit it correctly.
Downloaded this app got the watch face but no settings
Get rid of the ads!
booooo...
Crap
Love it
Good app with lotsa dog photos. One thing - I would pay a couple of dollars if the money went to ASPCA.
Will not send watch wallpaper to watch... The whole point of it!!!
Nice animations etc. However, it sets my phone on fire when using it. It keeps the device awake and drains my battery in few hours. If I stop using it the phone behaves fine.
I really love this watch face. It's informative, fun to look at, and very configurable (battery on my LG G Watch is not abused by it thanks to some clearly defined config settings).  My only complaint is that the step counter does not appear to be tied to Google Fit, but rather, is it's own independent thing. I went for a walk with the dog for over an hour and took nearly 10k steps by the watch face's count, but Google Fit did not show the same count at all (substantially less), which means that the watch and phone were not using the same pedometer API.  Other than that, it's still a great watch face and I'll be keeping it :)  EDIT: User error! The watch pedometer is using Google Fit when available! I had to refresh the Google Fit App and web page in order for the steps to match up. Step for step they are the same, so yes, this watch face gets zero complaints from me :)
Would really like the option to set my own complications. Extra star if this function ever gets added
I like it. Very useful and cool looking
Neato
The animations and colours are nice, but the small widgets need to auto align and space themselves out. For example, if I removed the Google Fit function, the other 2 will not shift inwards to utilise the space. Ohh.. Google Fit didn't work for me anyway (even after giving permission)..
Problems with weather not refreshing or steps being counted. Should have a set location feature instead of having location services constantly on. You can turn off these features but looks face looks empty.
This watch face is great, but step counter isn't working. I woke up and it says I got 6k steps already ._.
I absolutely love this - its adorable ~ only thing is I wish it displayed phone battery. The seascape face does but I love the clouds and mountain so much i keep switching back.
It's so cute. And it's amazing all the info. Can you make another one with trees and flowers just like that? By the way the possibilities are endless. I can think of sheep on a hill....birds, etc. Keep up the amazing quality and I'll buy every one. Its my favorite watch face.
Too good for me to be writing this text right now! Amazing 🙋
One of the best face 😔
Not a bad little watch face. Gives me a ton of information which I like. It's why I wanted a Smartwatch to begin with. I'll change my rating if they add more color selections or ability to change fonts. Animations aren't the greatest. Can barely see the boat and I'd like the balloon going side to side vs up or down. Also phone charge on the screen as well
App keeps saying it's not connected, even though Android Wear shows it is. Step counter rarely works, and weather never updates. It looks good, but it's completely useless on LG Urbane with Nexus 6P....
Cool app. I got it little while ago and I love the functions of it and no problems so far and if I have any you will heard from me here and F.B. Twitter and anywhere else I can think of I'll let you know it's a bad app just as I will let you know it's a good app. So far AWESOME.
This is definitely the best watchface I've downloaded and I'll likely use it more than any other on my Sony Smartwatch 3 . The whole experience is smooth and I really like the genuinely useful weather, fitness and battery subsections. I look forward to updates!
watch face but my steps are always zero even though it changes in the Google Fit wear app.  LG G3 and Moto 360 2nd gen.
It's a lovely 'live wallpaper'. Has weather, step counter and it finishes off my Sony Smart Watch 3 nicely 👍😀
I absolutely love this watch face. The developer is great at attention to detail and is always updating the face with new features. There may have been a slight bug in the latest update that moved the interactive buttons to the bottom right of the icons according to the touch indicators. I'm not sure if it's just me or if it's related to the latest update. If the developer can chime in, that would be great
This is definitely one of my favourite watch faces and they'll probably have it on my watch for quite some time. The only thing I wish I could have is the ability to change the battery indicator to read my cell phone's battery instead of the watches. If the developer could please add that, I would give this a five star. Either way, thank you very much. It's hard to find a good watch face.
Nice in every aspect. It Works flawlessly on LG g watch
I'm really in love with this watch face, but it's missing a very important piece of information. Please add the option to show the phone battery level instead of one of the other indicators. I turned off the step-counter and that space is blank. It's the perfect spot to show a meter for the phone battery.
Love the cheery and colorful graphics.  Can't stop touching my watch to see the whimsical animation.   Weather is accurate but wish it was displayed in dim mode.  The only gripe is the sharp visual break that splits the top and bottom of watch face, kind of glaring.
Does not ever update can't make changes on gear live
Love the look has everything i was looking for but i cant get the steps to count.  How do i start getting the steps to add up?
For some reason it fixed on it's own, but thanks! If it happens again, I'll try to do that.
Seems to match what was forcasted days before. Not what is actually happening!
I really like the look of this watch face. Even though there seems to be a lot going on, it appears to be easy on my Moto 360 v2 battery life. Only one complaint: I have a very hard time activating the interactive features.  The Fitness stats activate easily, but the battery stats are hard to open, and the weather information  (which I believe is vital) is almost impossible to access. Fix that, and I  update my rating to 5 stars. Otherwise, thanks for a good looking watch face!
It's dynamic with the weather and time of day. I love it. Doesn't drain battery much either -moto 360 v1
I love this watch face!  Very well done and super cute! Thank you!
Superb watchface. Like the animation and interactive elements such as weather.
Great purchase , unique design. Awesome JOB , you can even call it the swiss knife of watch faces.
A great looking watch face, but it needs a little fix. Like others have said, I can't get the weather to update. Says it's 13 degrees, but it's 64. Also, the step counter says 0 all the time. Fix these things and I'll definitely give 5 stars and purchase other faces.
This is a great and beautiful watch face and a fast response from the developer! Thank you and great app!👍😀
Reminds me a an old Pebble wallpaper. Which I have been looking for!
Not even after a refresh
I'm actually impressed. The animations are smooth, the look is great, and the added functionality of being able to tap on various indicators for more info is convenient. The only suggestion I have is to move the sun and moon behind the mountains, for proper perspective.
Looks great and uses very little battery, even with animations on. Would like a little more customization.
This watch face is beautiful and smooth, but cannot get my distance measured to change to miles instead of kilometers.
Amazing watch face, but cannot switch to imperial and Fahrenheit.
This is the greatest watch face I've ever used. After trying many faces I was left dissapointed, until I found timewear capsule. It is the only watch face I could find showing the year which was a great addition. I am also very impressed with the color selection options of the watch. All in all a great purchase and app.
I love this watch face. It gives me time and full date, plus a couple of timers that I can use without losing my clock function. Easy to change intervals for the interval timer. I use timers when I play poker to keep track of my time at the table and blinds, if I'm in a tournament. A battery status and heart rate monitor are just a bonus. I find heart rate monitor not very accurate on my Moto 360, but I understand that it is not the watch face software issue, it is the hardware that it is running on. Hopefully, on the Moto 360 Gen 2 this will work better.
Great
And works well too! Doesn't drain the battery quickly and gives you a ton of info.  Every once in a blue moon the screen would shift in a strange way during always on mode but it was rare enough to not be a substantial bother. I'm sure it'll get patched out soon enough.
The best watch face ever.
LG G watch R
Looks great on the LG G Watch R.  Love the features and ability to select the choice of colors for the individual features. Don't know where it is getting its weather info. I'm using the 1Weather app but it doesn't read the same info.  Needs a little work on battery drainage. Fix those and it it would be perfect. Otherwise, GREAT APP!!!
But so you know the seconds doesn't show in ambient mode or better said when in black and white mode on LG G Watch R but still this one is pretty good watch face!
Worked on Moto360 2nd gen, however it doesn't look that great, to much backlight, and it would not allow you to select watch faces as shown in pics.  Might try it again if I could get the red and black face!
So much stuff it has just become too small to read.
Not centered on Moto 360.
Looks awesome, very nice work!
Only wish it had 24 hour time, but I can see how that could be limiting.
No issues
It's colorful!
A very nice watch face that takes good advantage of both digital and  analogue presentation.
Nice inspired design, but the hands tend to blend into the background, making them hard to see. Also, the weather always displays 32°F and never updates. Oh, and two mobile battery meters seems a little redundant.
Love the look of this watch face, but I have to agree with some other users. I would love to have the capability to adjust digital clock (12/24hr Mode), and disable indicators (rather than just off), google fit integration (Not a fan of software running its own calculation on steps), adjust second hand to a firmer motion (rather than smooth, consuming more battery life), but I still love the look!. I am having a problem where the hands are in the background , the phone battery always shows low (even with 100% charge), and the color settings do not stay locked in upon waking, it keeps defaulting to tan.
But functionality is getting brutal. Says I do not a functioning heart rate monitor. Sliding down the options menu changes the color of watch if unlocked. Wish I could change options from phone. Also edit location of stats on face. Edit: after uninstalled and reset phone. Heart rate works after install.E dit 2: still no improvement. Re-rated stars. Uninstalled.
I could tolerate your excessive advertising on  reddit, because the watch face is not actually that bad, but now I get a freaking advertisement in my notifications!? Because of an app I paid for!? That is just too greedy. I urge not to buy this, since the dev is obviously just a greedy SOB
At first glance, this watch face looks great, but, once it's on your wrist, you notice quite a few problems. The digital clock is showing 9:3 instead of 9:03, you can read the analog hands between the 11 and 1 markings, the thick white horizontal white line in the middle of the face is too thick and distracting, and there's not enough freedom to change the colors as you see fit.
This watch face is really nice. The only problem I have is I can not figure out how to change the digital time display to normal time instead of army time.
I like the way it represents the information, but a dark ambient mode with bright hands would be very good for OLED screens and battery usage. Either do that or have an ambient which just makes the normal mode dimmer. UPDATE: New ambient mode is great there's still options to be explored but the black face + black ambient mode combination makes the face a lot more natural.
Looks great, but the contrast between the hands and watch face aren't large enough, so I can't always tell where the hands are!
Advertisements in notifications
Great watch face the only minor is when you're in dimmed mode it's a bit hard to read the time as half of the clock is not readable anymore. Maybe a bigger digital time in dim mode and no analog or take out the white/dark theme and make it either completely white or completely dark and opposite color hand of time but for the rest I like it a lot. Even better if you could change that but just in dim mode.
Massive cause of battery drain both on phone and Moto 360, even with my extended battery I only get 4 hours of SOT when I usually get 8-9 hours, and my watch usually lasts all day (7am-9pm) with about 30% left, with this it's at 30% around 3:30pm. Love the design but it causes too much battery drain to be used
I've purchased this app and am receiving notification ads. This is unacceptable. I have immediately uninstalled the app.
This watchband is a thing of beauty. But not only that, all the info you could want is incorporated without looking too busy. Very well done, worth the money.
Looks great but actually using it, the experience is subpar. Could probably benefit from color combinations that make it easier to see information and digest it quickly.
Like the design but the hands get lost when they are in the 11 through 1 o'clock area.
I really like this watchface.  The only issue I have is I would like to be able to choose to have a black ambient mode.  It looks much nicer on my OLED display (Urbane) and saves battery.
Only thing missing is F* support for weather.
Great looking, easy to customize. Only question I have is, which app does it use for steps? Because I installed it halfway through the day and basically started at 0 steps.
Advertisements in push notifications
It's a great watch face.
Simple, flat, yet stunning
Great Dev who listens! Thank you! ;)  great work!
Thanks for the reply.
Nice but drained the battery on my phone so uninstalled. Can't get refund option on Google play
White background was advertised and after install only black background.  Very disappointed.
Can this be updated so it displays on the huawei watch?  It seem to only cover about 60% of the screen..
Does not display correctly on a Moto 360 v2
You can't Change the color very disappointed  not worth the money at all
Yo dev saw your stuff on reddit. Looks good on moto 360. No issues.
Awesome watch face accept I have trouble converting the temperature from Celsius to Farinheight ( thank you for the quick fix!)
I love this face,it's very sharp and looks great on both moto and gear live.
Love to have digital time display
Love the design but after I installed it on my Moto 360 went from 71% battery to 14% in less than 2 hours. My Moto X Pure Style also suffered heavy battery drain as well. It went from 46% to 19% in the same 2 hours after I installed Backlash. GPS immediately is turned on once the app is downloaded and there is no way to adjust this setting. This seems like a wake lock issue. Fix this issue and 5 stars for a brilliant design.
Great design, but is very Laggy and slow. Would like more customisation options and a better ambient mode
This looked jagged and poor on my Huawei watch. If you improve to support 400x400 resolution I will redownload.
Face appears but is skewed to left.
Looks great. Works great. Love it.. but.... and its a big one - there are only 5 color settings and none that i would use. Uninstalled. 5 stars and a re download when updated for larger color selection.
Watch faces look great but the only temperature option you have is Celsius. Refunded.  Please add option for Fahrenheit and I'll buy again.
Looks great and all, completely destroyed my phone and watch battery in 3 hours.  Dev not responding for a refund.
Very good looking watch, but drained phone battery. Didn't find that out until out was too late for refund. Uninstalled.
Dont show on Android wear. Looks like a tiger but infact its a LAMB.
It does not show up anywhere, on the watch or on the phone.
Ultra pic
Does not get pushed to the watch
Does not show up!!
Same as intellicom but little configuration
Hands way too thin. Back to watchmaker. The whole ecosystem is like it's been put together by 5 year old s. It's terrible! Stay away
This watch face failed to load on Moto 360
Great stuff
Rooky design
bought but can't transfer to watch
Unable to move the watch face to my moto watch...already downloaded android  wear but its not showing... love the apps and would want to go premium but not without knwing how to do it.

Interesting face
Amazing, but the animations do not work on my Galaxy Note 8 and I waited too long to get a refund!
Love it
Fuzzy implementation needs work. I'm using the "Fuzzier" setting, and at 10:28 the watch was telling me "Quarter past Ten" despite it being much closer to half-past. Similarly, at 11:48 the watch is saying "Noon" even though 11:48 is closer to "Quarter till noon" than to "Noon". Other than this complaint, the watch face is excellent. Wonderful customization options, ability to change font, color, size and wording.
Great amount of customisability and the basic fuzziness setting gives ~5 minute accuracy, which is what I was after. Only issues are cards cover bottom string if it's of a reasonable size and no complications for date. Perhaps allow the display to resize or rearrange if a card is present.
Nearly ten years ago, I learned of a project where someone was planning to create a watch which would tell the approximate time.  I thought it was a terrific idea and every so often, I'd check the project webpage to see if there was any progress and saw nothing (well, nothing meaningful).  A few months ago, I learned of a watch which merely shows the hour hand (and the noon mark on the face is where noon is supposed to be, straight up!).  I thought that was really cool, too, but couldn't justify spending a few hundred bucks on a watch that did nothing but tell the (approximate) time.  How incredibly lucky I am to live in a world where I have a smartwatch that lets me install a watchface that gives me either of the above two concepts (and thousands more).  Are there things I'd like to change about HPF?  Sure.  Are there other things in my life I'd like to change?  Sure.  But sometimes I need to be okay with things being the way they are.  Heck, if I wait a few minutes, they'll change.  :)   Thank you, Hactotum, for making this awesome face available to us for free.
Pretty much what I wanted, although it'd be nice to have a date option. It'd be cool if the amount of adjustable fuzzy was more fine grained on the useful side (IE lowest would be increments of five) similar to the fuzzy clock in KDE systems.
Fuzziness factor extreme. Text too dark in ambient only seen in dark area. Wish there's a slider for that too
While there's no date display in fuzzy mode, it's still a great holiday watch face, and my favourite of its kind.
So elegant. Would love if 'fuzzier' worked better.
My dutch clock went from "half ?" to kwart over half twaalf" to "kwart voor middernacht". Everything gets messy close to midnight. I'd use it in English if it didnt say "twentyfive past one" instead of something usefull. During the day the dutch one is fine so i use it, I'd give it 5 starts if it would work as advertised.
I love the fuzzy time on android wear!   now with smaller card previews!
Tried this app yesterday,  nice start but does not work.  Incorrect time after about 20 mins, resets text size in consistently, and also freezes at some fixed time
Liked better before it became part of android wear.  Now it doesn't work half the time.  Meaning the settings keep resetting every time I charge my watch
Fantastic fuzzy clock for the moto360. I do wish the "reveal color" and "animation" features were explained, because I still cant figure it out, and I'm a technical user.
Battery meter for the phone is not working on the watch. And I can't remove it or change it to something else.
Really enjoy the overall look of this app.  Well done.
Aesthetically pleasing and lots of customization.  Unfortunately I have to refund the app because the lines in ambient mode interfere with the card preview.
This Wath face works perfectly with both circle and square watch faces, I fully recommend it to everyone that owns a smart watch.. For only 1pound it's a bargain
Moto 360.
An attractive 4 star app turned ugly when I found none of the promoted features available unless I buy the pro version. The description doesn't mention that, so 2 stars for design and telling the time.
Description says digital clock but only has text. Also when you get a notification you can't read the time.
Can't access program.
Just a fun little watch face. It makes me smile.
Nice watch face
Love the way this looked, & yes I remember this in my nightmares, but then again, what this is for only existed in our imaginations @the time. The "smartwatch" was a Star Trek communicator, or Dick Tracy watch not something actually feasible! My how far we've come! Sadly though, this doesn't work with Tizen.
I only get network error for weather, it doesn't display anything else. I checked settings, app permission, gps and everything. Pretty upset it doesn't work  I have tried turning both devices off and back on, & yes I have internet connection.
Very good watch face and looks exactly how I wanted it to, however the notification counter can be very slow to update, and it would be nice to have the option to disable it entirely
If you're as old and Geeky as me you'll love this :)
Lovely watch face, great idea. One issue I find on Moto 360 gen 2,when I go to change favorite watch faves in wear 2.0 the menu crashes, I have tested it by removing the app and it works fine when DOS watch is not installed.  Also the option to ronove the notification counter or turn it white with ambient mode would be nice.  Also the counter doesn't fit on the screen.  Plus an option to remove seconds in the main watch would be cool. I know I'm asking alot but just firing ideas.
Would be a 5 star app if you guys could plug in the Calendar Agenda option. Super useful when in the office!
Love it.  Weather worked only after restarting my watch... But otherwise great watch face.
Love the look, authentic green or Amber with the perfect DOS font is a well done retro look on modern tech.
Nice and simple! Loving the retro look.
Nice layout, great job.
Nice and simple face. Thanks.
Great, simplistic, clean look. Developer responds quickly to issues.
Great watchface, nice and simple. I have a few minor niggles though, 1.it's 1am here but the weather icon thinks it's sunny outside, 2. Any chance of having the option of the day as well as the date? And 3. On my round Huawei screen, the whole face is a bit too high. It's probably for notifications on 1.5 firmware, but I'm running 2.0 DP5 and it's not centered on the screen. Just some observations, but not enough to lose any stars over!
Works fine for me. Just needs Fahrenheit for weather then it'll be 👍
Nice and simple. UPDATE: Weather support is working. Great response by the developer.
Thanks a lot, location error now fixed ☺️
Love this watch face. Reminds me of my youth 🐣
It's surprisingly hard to find a watchface that shows the time and date without needless frills (some cool frills are just a tap away though).  Love the dos theme too.  The best part though, is that the dev is super responsive.  I had a glitch that was affecting the display with certain options and emailed about it and the dev put out two updates fixing it.
Just purchased an lg G5 and unfortunately the app doesn't appear on the phone even thou google play lists it as installed....Please fix this is my favourite watch face!   FURTHER: The app was installed from googleplay. The apps installs fine and indeed appears in the list of installed apps. No icon appears and I am unable to use the watch face on Sony SW3. 27/09/16: tried resyncing/rebooting and still nothing on my watch. Note: this isnt the only app with this problem Google keep shiws the same issue.
Allow 12h system. Remove the useless icon from my apps list. Raise the text higher on the square watch and the notifications will fit without hiding extra info
The coloured icons for notifications and weather ruins the whole pixel art style.
Perfect will give 5 star with 12 hour option
I downloaded this app because I thought it would be a great addition to my other watch faces that I change daily with my outfits. Even though it states it compatible with a Moto 360 it is not the app shifts the picture to the bottom of the screen. This makes it so you can't see the whole screen/face very disappointed!
Hate it
Loved it
Paid for this theme but it will not install (I tried over 10 times). Purchased 4 other themes and they installed fine. Message says this is from an unknown source... Fix this and also, make more square faces! The Gear is square, only makes sense.
Won't sync, indicates wrong time. Why time I restart the watch, the theme disappears, this never happened with other watchstyler themes.
I want my money back, fraudulent app.    THE APP REQUIRED TO INSTALL THESE WATCH FACES "WATCH STYLER" HAS BEEN BANNED FROM THE GALAXY APP STORE AND IF YOU CAN FIND THE APK ONLINE, THE GEAR MANAGER HAS ALSO DISABLED THE APP BY SAMSUNG UPDATE.
I have tried to install but it disappears about 5 seconds afterwords.  Have latest android os 5.0 lollipop. Latest watch styler app but still will not install. Needs to be fixed.  1 star till fixed.
Please can you sort out the time as the hour hand keeps moving to fast so when it's say for example 5:45 it's showing 6:45 please fix this
Just paid and it won't install !Rip off:
Won't download. Even with unknown sources allowed. It states it cannot be downloaded.  Please refund.
Very good on my gear 1 but please make more square face's
I wanted to support the developer as i liked the free App and wanted to expand on it. Downloaded this and was just a waste of money. The theme doesnt open in the app. (It doesnt work)!!!
Need my money back!
Please sort it out.
I download the app and after 5 seconds it uninstall by itself. FIX THIS! I PAYED FOR THIS!
One of my favorite watch faces. Works perfectly
My favorite face, I love it
Absolutely love this app
That is all...
Loving the app awesome
I'm loving that you can keep it always on. Battery at the end of the work day is above 80℅, there's no reason the stock faces don't let you.
Another great watch face with great features, great job!!!
I set lime green for the first background and ring (background one) with dark text and then purple for background two with white text. Looks so sick, everyone loves this one. Please add the ability to save a couple versions and this would be amazing.
Cool
Hi
It's simple and awesome but would love a digital clock alternative :)
It has a great design and really like the changing colors but could there be an option for digital time not just analog? Or to have both analog and digital at the same time? I just find myself switching watch faces to actually check the time. If it werent for that then this would definitely be my primary watch face. Also enjoy the steps shortcut and animations :D
Tried multiple times but it just keeps saying "install fit app" even though it's been installed foe ages. Also it makes me pick a google account like 10 times before it even says that. :/
Doesn't work on Urbane 2
Does what it says on the tin. Nice job!
I've owned Anchor for a long time without leaving any feedback. This is by far one of the better looking watch faces I own, it goes good with any clothes I'm wearing and never fails to tell time. Love it.
PERFECT; Except no gray ambient mode. That would EASILY make it the greatest watchface on the entire store.
Have really enjoyed it, it's a great watch face, I wear most of the time.  BBB.
My current favourite watch face thanks
Whoa
It's one of the sharpest watch faces I've come across, why can't they all look this good (hate seeing pixels). Literally have no complaints, I'll happily pay for more quality watch faces like this one.
This is an amazing watch face, by far the best that I own. The detail is superb and it has an antique look. The sailor steering puts the watch face over the top. I look forward to more from this designer.
Looks good on the moto360 (the black bar at the bottom doesn't really distract from the face). The small animation is a nice touch. Would love if you could switch out the battery meters with steps or other options.
One of the coolest watch faces I've seen in a while, but wouldn't mind having the option to turn off the character animation.
I humbly redact my statement about battery life. I had something else going on that coincided with my installation of the watch face. Battery life is normal with this face.
Love this watch man. My new daily watch. Buy this watch. You won't regret it.
Why are you still reading reviews? Buy it!! You'll keep it as your favorite.
Nice and crisp watchface. Love the little animation.
Very nice watch face
Bjm
Watch face
I love this cute Thanksgiving day watch face!!
It asks for permission to access profile info on install. Against my better judgement I accepted. Then the watchface never showed up in Android Wear anyway.
Did not fit the screen for moto 360 2nd gen.
I've been looking for this watch face for years. I love the idea of having digital/analog on the same screen. it's extremely stylish with all the regular perks that you get for having a smart watch, like weather, Footsteps, battery ect. On top of that if you don't like the color you can change it. In that regard it's like getting 5 watch faces for the price of one because I can change the colors for everyday of the week.  My  beef is that I can never get back to the default color it's my fav. watch face.
Good looking watch face... But does not link to Google Fit? for that it is disappointing, please give us the option
Great watch face but does not work with Android Wear 2.0. Cannot get it to show up to apply. Disappointing.
My New Favourite watchface! You guys make the best watch faces and this one is no exception! The only thing I wish it had was a locking feature so I don't keep accidentally changing the face colour after making my own custom colour, and also the option to save custom color settings would be great. Thanks and keep up the good work!
I keep trying other watcg faces, but always end up going back to this one. It has everything I need and it is fully customizable!  Best watch face in the android market!
I downloaded the app and I did  show up on my watch like the military digital one did
Can someone tell how to sync the mobile missed Calls and messages with the phone . Also , the app always crashes for some reason.
Looks fantastic, and love that I can change colors to match my outfit. I wish there was an option to disable the step counter, however. Question, what is "full ambient" mode?
I can't seem to clean my unread messages to zero after I view them
App is NOT 2.0 Compatible
Works great I do wish the weather info was just a little bigger
Nice watch but with no Google Fit Integration it is useless.
Love it  but can't clear the unread messages on the watch screen
Easy to see battery life of watch and phone at a glance.
It has a nice animation and is nice to have analog and digital time.
Love the design! Looks fantastico!
Nice watch face, highly recommended.
Love it looks amazing

Great watch face
Nice!..
Loved it...
Good face, but still shows that there are unread messages and unanswered call even though there are none. Have to swap faces to refresh. Sort this out and it will get five stars
Sorry I purchased this app...been trying it for several months now. Weather does not update, phone battery does not update, missed calls and texts do not update. The only thing that work is the time and steps per day! UPDATE: I downloaded again like they asked and it STILL does not work SMH
Please make battery indicator smaller so it's displayed in full on Moto 360 2nd. Now it's cut off a little bit by the flat tyre.
I would give this 5 stars if the missed calls and texts worked.  It just reads 0. It doesn't know when I get texts.
Installed on my Nexus 6P, does not show up in the Android Wear app and also does not show up on my Moto 360 2.  I only see it in my apps on the phone.  What to do?  Thank-you, I uninstalled and reinstalled and all is good now.  Great face and thanks for the quick reply.
One watch face gives you all date day month temp,missed calls,messages,steps and nice looking. Looking forward to your next face
No 2 watch face on the playstore..  No 1 is neo by rich face because of more customisation and interactive face. :-)
Love this face, wish when it isn't in full ambient it could move the display around to avoid burn in.
I really like how this watch face looks with the LG Urbane. Seems to save on battery too!
Only get 1/3 of the face in black and white
This is a question.  I have already bought the face, is it possible to get it on my gear s2?
It was ok it works it was ok wish you had more color
Very versatile and looks great.
I love you this watch face
Looks & works great on my Huawei watch.
Work great.
Very good
Using the nexus 6P the weather, missed calls and unread messages don't work. Other than that awesome work.                                                                        Update: I got it all to work. For those using Android 6.0 you can set permissions for each app. If you go into the Android wear app and then tap more on the watch faces, activate another watch face besides the torque one. Then tap the three dots on the top right of the torque face and then go to app permissions and set it on for all
They have finally fixed the issue I reported.i can put my own pictures on watch face straight away.thank you.great app
App not working
The black faces only work in low power mode so you need to have "Always-on screen" to see them.
Works well as a watch and has the Aussie flag on it, what more could you wish for with Australia Day coming up.
Nice
Loved this watch face on my old Moto 360 but it doesn't show up in the app store on my new Zen Watch 3, none of the watch faces from this Marco van Hylckama does. Not compatible?
As others have said a color customization option would be appreciated, but for a free watch face this is superb.
I have a problem on huawei watch 2, the watch is not in the middle, some part of it is out of the screen
Favorite watch face I keep going back to, but I want to know where did the customization options go? I can't find an app to open any more to change it.
This is my favorite watch face for my moto360. Nice work
The best watchface I've found so far!
It's doesn't fit my polar M600 so it's no good for me
North Druid Midtown Chase Bank rear parking in the rear of Family Dollar.
Awe some!
It's the best watch face I have ran into.
Great watch face!
Doesn't show up on Android Wear
Great simple and retro watch face
Great face, thank you
nice, love it
Nice
I like the idea even though I suck at reading analogue time. Thanks!
Very nice
I really like the design and the customization options. The only problem is on my Moto 360 2nd gen the watch face isn't centered.  I'd give this face 5 stars if the face was where it was supposed to be.                     Yay the face is now centered.  Love it.
Developer responded in a few days time to complaint that face was off-center to let me know it was fixed. Great support, nice looking watch face.
The watchface isn't center on the moto 360 2nd gen 42mm! Edit: yay works :) thanks.
Love the customization options but a custom color option would be great. Developer is super fast at fixing issues. Especially since it's free.
Very cool watch face and now works wit 2015 42mm moto 360 after update.
Works great on Moto 360 2nd gen! Very cool watch face.
Look good, more colors and options would be nice, weather too like a pixel cloud or sun. There seems to be a bug which causes some default digital watch to pop up over the pixel one in ambient mode and when this happens the "lit up" watchface get swapped for some (android template? :) image..
Does not support the Huawei watch that has a bigger display. It only shows up in the top left corner
Fun watch face :) I'd like to see more options like 8-bit weather and battery icons and maybe some way of changing the grid size.  Good job, dev!
Could use a few extra things. Mainly the date and in ambient mode the extra hour marks.
but doesn't work on Huawei Watch,  it doesn't fit the screen...  bad alignement + look like it's supposed to be on square watch
It loads way off center on the new Moto 360. Not compatible
Not updating without disclosure.  Thank you for the reply. Yes, it says Thiry Two now needs access to identity.
Works, does what it says, and it looks "sharp". A little more customization would be nice.
Works and looks great on my Moto 360! Very pleased for a free download.
Wants more permissions now... No thanks. Bye.
Love these watch faces! Beautiful selections for your personality.
Simply elegant watch faces.
Couldn't change the faces even on my phone.
So cute. Wish there were more
good
Not sure what I'm doing wrong, but doesn't make sense that I have to wait 5-10 min before this will work, and when it doesn't work, wait again, and again...  Uninstalling...
Circle shaped clock on my Sony SmartWatch 3 even though within the app it displays a square shaped display.
loved the effects and army theme.
this watch face is perfact for army lovers , it has lots of configurations, nicely done watch face . Must Download It
Excellent creative design
I specially like the battery level monitor!
Sharp watch face.
this watch is pretty awesome by its design & customization . Must Download It
Nice watch face
Awesome watchface with elegant design.
Nice watch face
Paid for yearly subscription but DOES not reflect that on the app. It still keeps asking me to pay. Uninstall and installed without much success. Very frustrating. What better way to flatten your resolution to start running?  ***********  It took them a few days to get back to me but once connected, they were quick in restoring the subscription. I love the fact that I got some of the workout history back from the trial before. So far, very happy.
I love how this app helps to keep you accountable and motivated to get out! The only problem I have seen is that if I pause a run and re-start, sometimes the timer keeps going but it won't track distance traveled. Even with this issue occasionally, it is the best running app I have used!
It's a well rounded app. I've been using it since 2012, so I've got a fair amount of experience with it. The app has great features like audio pass through when listening to music, and updates on your pace and distance. Some downsides include that if you forget to hit stop, your data for the run is essentially null and void, you have to way to adjust your time after a run. A cool rectification for this would for it to auto stop after a certain distance. Another downside isn't really the apps fault, but phone location tracking isn't always 100% accurate, so a measured 5km run, may only work out to be about 4.8km after you use your GPS.
Very good app. I have been using it now for over 5 years and only have problems when trying to pair with a polar heart rate monitor. It's accurate, easy to use, and it has helped motivate me to Run. I upgraded to the Pro version so I can track progress.
I have used this app for years and loved it but after the recent update the GPS tracking is so bad it's not worth using.  Lots of people are complaining about this issue but as yet no resolution.  This morning my run was inacurrate by more than 2k! I am successfully using other GPS apps on my phone and they're fine so this is definately a Runkeeper issue - Please sort it or roll-back the app to a version which works!
Very poor GPS tracking. Lovely informative graphs, but no use if they only capture part of your data. This morning I set out to try for my longest run but got no GPS for the entire 15km run. It was out in the open and I had GPS on other apps, but not Runkeeper. Very frustrating Needs fixing.
NEW account setup is dumb. What if you were born in 1971? There's no way to enter your birth date without hitting the month button backward a hundred times. Seriously, test your own app.
When it works, it's great. Been using it for a few years, but the past few months have been awful. It locks up, freezes, or is extremely laggy every time I attempt to log a workout. I'm beginning to wonder why I put up with it.
Had to pay for premium to enable heart rate monitor integration. It found my polar bluetooth device but never showed any data or gave any further feedback. I cancelled the subscription immediately.
Upgraded the app yesterday and today morning the GPS tracking didn't work. Although the GPS was showing my current location during my walk, but did not plot it. Please rectify the problem ASAP.
I really used to like this app. As a paid subscriber I could see charts on my heart rate, steps per minute, pace, etc. However, using it last night it said I had gone only 0.03 miles in 10 minutes, which is balderdash. Emailed support and am awaiting reply. I love it when stuff I pay for works.
The tracking is very poor... Specially when you switch of the screen. It shows I ran over the building... I did not face this issue in version that was available about 1 year ago
This app is ok. It doesn't have any feature of adding pics while sharing the activity. Second, it shows incorrect distance when it is paused and resumed during running. Hope the app developers work on this..
Unable to connect to GPS during a 20 minute walk at lunch. Google maps pinpointed my location with no problem. Worthless as a fitness tracker if it can't find my location.
Waiting for the weight dialog is back and we are talking minutes if doesn't crash the app. I shouldn't have to uninstall and reinstall the app just to enter my weight. Just fix it!! Shoddy rubbish!!!
Used to work great now when I click on my runs I get a message that it can't connect to Runkeeper. Also my imported runs from my Timex watch do not show any detail but they look good on the website.
Works well for tracking runs, and I've used it for a long time Unfortunately in the past few years it also spams my device with notifications - more than all my other apps combined, even when all notifications are disabled in the settings. I believe this is a dark pattern. Will be looking for a different, less invasive app to replace it.
Using for many years intermittently.. Except one part where it seems runkeeper is hell bent on finding data connection first before "discovering"( and causing me real frustration).. Everything else seems to work the way it should.
tried it three separate times on two different phones, never worked. never could find the satellite for location while all my other apps can. doesn't track you pace properly.
I updated this app twice, now it cannot accurately track my runs. First time, it was off by almost 2 miles, next time it was off by almost half a mile. This app is pointless if it cannot track me and give me accurate pacing information. Needed to manually update route on the website.
I like the clarity of this app, and all the information is presents about my run. Plus when I upgraded to Go I had an issue my account and the support team resolved it right away and were very considerate about the whole thing. I would totally recommend this app.
This was a great app until the recent update. All three runs since I updated have only started recording at 30 minutes! Nightmare! PLEASE fix it Runkeeper, it was brilliant before!
One of my go-to run tracking apps for training. My favorite feature is the ability to set up my own interval training. Seems to track distance accurately & only auto pauses if you activate that feature.
Would be 5 stars if they had a voice command for pause. With running with my dog and my phone in a arm band I can not pause at end or at road crossings to keep more accurate pace reading. Otherwise its a perfect running app.
This app is horrible.  It's like a cartoon version of a GPS tracker/fitness app.  Look towards Strava, Nike, or at the very least Map My Run.
I love the app, but it seems like there's always something keeping me from giving it a full 5 stars. First it was a problem where I I to resend all my activities. Now, the app crashes whenever I try to manually enter my weight or an activity. At first I thought it was an issue with my phone. But I've upgraded to a much better phone and I have the same problem. I think it's possibly an android development problem. Except for that issue, it works great!
Best app for keeping track of your runs and stats. Just wish I figured out how to manually input time splits while running. Keeps track of mileage on your shoes and your elevation too. Love it! Recommend it to all my friends.
Training plans interface is confusing and frustrating. It had me do one run and said it would send more on Sunday. A notification popped up about new runs while I was out walking and then promptly disappeared. After that I was never able to find the rest of my planned runs. It still said it would "send the next week's workouts on Sunday" well into Monday. Training plans require me to input the times to run one at a time, manually. If I'm going to do that why don't I just write down my own plan on a piece of paper and save my money?
Very prone to crashing when saving run details or trying to fix GPS. The run time and GPS route details do seem to save though.  Audio cues for pace at 1 km splits seem to be out quite often, doing things such as giving you the pace for the first few seconds of the new split, or combining splits, meaning that you often can't rely on the audio cues to provide meaningful information. Audio cues have been broken for quite some time.  It also assumes that the start of the week is on Sunday, rather than the international standard of Monday (ISO-8601), and there's no way to alter it.  It also doesn't seem to use make use of other onboard sensors to auto detect and correct for GPS problems. You have to manually go and click on the map and then on the fix GPS button.  I've been using RunKeeper for years, but I'm going to try an alternative app out.
The best app for running. But since some months the GPS detection is faulty. It's either taking a long time or not able to get the gps at all
I loved this app but have been experiencing problems with the GPS. It has been saying that I have run 1 mile in what is really 1/2 mile.  I'm a marathon runner and it's frustrating not knowing how far I've gone for a training run.  I have Pixel 2 and don't remember having these issues on my iPhone. Maybe Runkeeper needs a pixel fix/update
A very useful app in free category, to track and improve your running/workout records. Nicely build. Couple of features would make it more powerful, 1) provide an option to view our activity trends over period of time i.e. summary trend by month over month for last 1 year etc and 2) auto pause option doesn't work properly at times as it's get incorrectly pauses even when your are active.
Poor tracking mechanism mars the overall experience of using the app. They need to drastically improve the quality of their GPS tracking feature. Incorrect captures of walks in the background are a nuisance as well.
Birth date setting have some problem. Selection of month and year is working properly but please test the date portion.
The app is great for tracking. But in the past week it's crashed twice mid run. That's interfering with my goals. I would give it 4.5 stars otherwise.
You will enjoy the sarcastic audio feedback. But this app just dies in the long run. Especially if your running a circuit it closes and you won't be able to save your workout
The Android app doesn't record my workouts at all. I start it, then when I check it again it has closed itself and has to be restarted at zero. Not useful which disappoint s me be a use it works well on iOS. 15Feb2018 I have a new phone and uploaded the app It still stops midway through a run and doesn't record the run. Why bother? Deleted again.
Good but doesn't work with treadmill running very well. Would give this five stars if it could distinguish running on a treadmill.  Update - the timer mode works better with treadmill running, but it doesn't allow Workouts, which doesn't allow me to use any of the Challenges or my timed intervals, so that is still frustrating.
I used to use this app while I was in super shape few years back and loved it. Now after recovering from an injury and always making the same mistake over again: starting too fast, I decided to pay to get the training plan... Living in Iceland and with the weather we are having I have to run on a treadmill and no matter what I do I can't mark a training as "done" from the stopwatch-mode... which would be ok (knowing myself that I did the work) ..but after a week of "unmarked training" I can't even see what to do next...
Haven't ran so much since I was in high school, now I run a mile at least everyday. Ive recommended this app to several friends and family
Will not send changes to settings to target device, and always says "check your internet connection"
Cool! Can I get date?
Guyzz i am using this app frequently and i must say itz a magnificent app looks very attractive.  Phenomenal work done by developer.
One of the best gadget app with fantastic user interface. kudos and cheers to developer. Revolution begins
Cool and awesome design for my wear
Amazing application and very nice color combination.
Good app.
Nice app
Nice
Could you please do more game title's. These are brilliant.
Easy to use, didn't even have to go through my watch maker app. Once installed on my phone on I got the notification to install them on my watch, and good to go.
Looks and works great on Smartwatch 3
It won't let me use it
Also, +1 for sharing the app on Github!
How i can use it?....
How i can use it????????
Or should I do it on facer. MYSELF.
But I would love more options. Colours, backgrounds, when the backgrounds change, etc.
On a Moto 360. Would give 5 stars if it worked
Would be great if we could customize the size/location/look more. Also "ten two" (etc) is not a time... Please fix that
It works just as I had hoped and looks great with a nice large notification. 24 hour clock support would make it perfect for me. Thanks for the app.
Would be much better if the date was there 2. Please add this asap.
The cards do need to be a little shorter.
I love it!
Very blurry. At least it is free. I would pay for a pro version if it wasn't blurry
No apparent way to test the watch face, but or to transfer it to the watch.
Quality of watchface needs improvement as it looks blurred.
Nice looking display. If only it had a black face.
Cool looking on my Moto v2, just missing some castamizatio. I would have bought it if it did.
Can i use it for amazfit ??
App stubs. App stubs everywhere.
Good app
Love the watch face. It is awesome having the surf forecast on my wrist. It also looks very stylish on my moto 360. The one feature that would make it PERFECT is if it had the TIDES and maybe water temp. Other than that it is great. I would highly recommend the watch face/app. Best on the market. Great job!
Wonderful app but only 3 stars because it doesnt have tides. Otherwise probably a 4 or 5 star.
I have installed is on my phone but can not find to open it up.

Wish it could have a couple spots on the Gulf side of Florida. Clearwater or st. Pete. Maybe even throw in Fort Myers, Naples, and Sarasota
Really would like this to work but keeps telling me it's stopped running :(
can you add another spot at wainui beach newzealand?
Thank you so much for adding nz spots! Great watchface and I like the 4 day forcast. It would be great to see a graph of the tide on that page as well and on the homepage "high at 15.20" or "low at 11.00" depending on the upcoming tide change.  But great app!
1 star because each time I add watch face to moto360 I get the error 'unfortunately surface has stopped' when tapping on face. Unusable
The app installs on my HTC one but I can't find it afterwards.
It would be great if you added more locations, allowed settings from the phone, and allowed a search feature to find surf spots. There are almost no USA spots in the app.   Looks good, performs flawlessly - you just need more setting options.
Couldn't get it to work
This app is what makes having a smart watch fun. Notifications are nice but being able to change faces at will is the best feature. Love the collection feature! I like to change watch bands frequently and being able to put watch faces into collections to match my watch bands and having them load automatically is awesome! Keep up the great work.
Unfortunately the old message of this version is too old has returned and app now force closes
Excellent app a must if you enjoy having a new watch face almost every time you use it
Pointless indeed.
Fun watch face. The weather is not showing on my face even though I have it checked to show in the settings. I have Galaxy S5 and a GWR. Any reason why this would happen? Maybe could you add a setting to refresh weather in the face settings?
Crashes
It's as if you're staring at the same thing all day... Actually yes you are
I love this face. Takes me back to playing in my bedroom as a little boy, imagining zipping in my spaceship across the galaxy :) Get it!
But i think it needs more spaceships
No options
What if the shading changed with the phase of the moon?
Works great, the vanadiel time is only off by a few seconds since this is a common issue with vanadiel timers after a couple of years that they need regular adjusting but other than that it's working as it should.
Nowhere to be found for usage plus I'm DEFINITELY sure it attacks viruses
Would like to have a LOT more customization, compared to some of your other watch faces you can't do anything to this. I'd like to be able to change colors or have themes plus be able to do things like remove the digital temperature and analog 24hour clock to reduce redundancy and make everything in the center a bit bigger. However I bought this knowing it did none of this, so even if you released a different one I'd buy it.
Lots of info crammed into a small space, makes everything too hard to read.
Frustrating. Installs, but wont open. Doesn't show up in Android Wear for LG Urbane. Tried Uninstall/reinstall/restarting/etc. All setting in app are greyed out. All other faces from this seller work and look great. I was looking forward to this one (
Weather isn't accurate (I wish it were only 87 degrees in Phoenix). Would be nice if screen stayed on longer.
Looks fantastic! Really easy to use and configure. This is the first watch face I've purchased after getting my watch today!
This watch face looks great in both active & in the colour ambient mode.  Also, it's a real head turner.
Love it
Really love this watch face. It shows tons of info and is really configurable.
Tried to install and uninstall 2 times. Didn't work. Tried restarting watch n resync many times. Didn't work. Lousy crap. Didn't even show up in Android Wear watchface GUI. Only after watch reset and waited for more than 15 20 mins, the watchface shows up out of nowhere. So much distress for simple task. Humidity indicator doesn't work, btw. It shows 100% all the time.
Pretty useless considering how bad a battery hog it is... besides that it is an awesome face
Another stunning face from my favourite watch face developers! Can't decide if I prefer this or V04 as my default face as they're both so great.
Would really love a very simple version  for ambient display.  Black and white maybe.   About the 3rd watch face I purchased from this seller!   Great work
Best faces cone from this developer, but I do wish this had drawing setting for ambient mode.
Really like this for my LG G watch R.
You cannot adjust any of the colors on this face. Seems like a strange choice by the dev.
One thing this desperately needs is a way to set up a custom shortcut widget. Otherwise I do love the style.
Right on my wrist, thanks to this watch face! Great support, too!
Gorgeous
This one manages to pack an incredible number of options and display items without veering into the tacky. Stunning.
Weather seems a bit glitchy...
The customization options are amazing. Developer's watches have the best second time zone implementation. Watch itself is attractive, and easy to read. Love this!
Falta opção para remover os ponteiros no modo ambiente.
What's not to like
Really good.
This is my favorite watch face by far. It's very customizable as there are very many options and color configurations to choose from.  I'm able to choose high contrasting styles so that my middle-aged eyes can see the info on the face well. Looks great on my LG Urbane. Kudos to the developer for all the effort he put its in designing nice watch faces.
Very professional look, love the customization options, many backgrounds available and accent colors. Must have!
It us really customizable but it would be a good idea to have save option for user configuration!
Great design options. Great battery life for all of the features. Interactive widgets, fantastic!
Where are the presets?
By far one of favorite yet!
It's missing ambient color options
Took me a while to figure out that you need to use your phone to configure it, but the watch face is great. Good looking and interactive.
Wonderful face, one of my daily users! The other is a Thema face too.
I keep downloading this person's watch faces and am loving every one of them. Like the customization. Would be nice if I could save watch preferences that I customise so I don't have to redo it each time I want to change my theme. Will keep buying more of your faces when they come out. They are perfect.
1) be able to add/open any custom application installed in wear to the widgets (i.e. wear messenger - like the mini wear watchface does) and 2) have a few more additional options to adjust the widget wheels spacing (the push back option has too much spacing and without it they get too tight and too close to the center).
highly flexible, good balance with number of customization options, a good look
It's the most amazing watch Face I've ever seen
Really like this face
I like the watch face but the step widget does not work always at 0 very disappointed and I can't even get my money back any more
I would give this 5 stars but have one issue.  I would like interactive widgets but without them switching data.  For  example,  when touching the weather widget I want more weather info I do not want it to change to other data widgets.  Same goes for Gmail and sms.  Similar to what you can do with your  Driver watchface.  Also would like to save profiles so I can have a variety of custom colors depending on what I wear.
Awesome
My current favorite face, it has lots of options setting in Android wear app (with preview).  Nicely done dev!
I can't find a way to modify watch functions other than color. No phone app, only within the watch itself, but you can only modify the color. That's it. LG G R watch
Very customizable. Lots of colors to pick from. Good stuff!
Looks great and the customization options are fantastic. I did just notice that the date does not show on the square watch face, and the step counter doesn't work. One star removed.
Must have face. Would be cool if you could remove the white border while in ambient noise though as I think it's unnecessary.
Very nice looking with many options. The only problem is the text in the dials is too small. They are unreadable.
Live having all those options at my disposal.
If u can make it where u can change always on screen color it would be perfect it will help with oled screens
Colors are okay, but telling time was hard to read as the needles and face are small.
Nice watch face with the info I like.
The watch face is good design, but it needs to be adjusted the watch brightness a lot more high ++ to be able to see all the graphics, so it means more battery used. I like it, but dare not use it for all day long.
A few suggestions. 1. Disable digital clocks seconds counter 2. The ability to increase font size of Digital clock
Its about my number 5 watch faces with these guys I've bought and they don't disappoint. Keep up the great work.
Watch face pictured and watch face installed are different. Don't expect the one in the picture unless you upgrade to the paid version.
Ok, third face I bought from this company. Love them all!
Resolved
very nice
FANTASTIC! Great 3D Effect. Immediate Purchase, period.
Get premium
My only problem is I want to switch the date and the weather location. I like the date on top. Other then that I like this watch face.
Good looking, masculine, utilitarian-looking, like a tactical instrument.
Cool
Having issues with gesters? I don't like my watch turning on when I flick my wrist, it was fine before but now it seems to be gone?
Great functionality with the premium,  I have tried loads a different watch faces and this is still my favourite.
Unable to change colors in premium features on Galaxy S7 edge.  Tried to edit setting on watch and says i need Android Wear 2.0, which is installed.
The weather doesn't update.
These past 2 days I noticed that it stops updating things like steps, weather, and batteries, when the phone is charging.  Noticed something similar with black app as well.  Edit: I should clarify, this occurs when the phone is charging.
I'm very pleased with the watchface but what is missed is the option to disable the peek card.
Works flawlessly on my note 4
Looks just awesome on my moto 360
Unlike any other watch face I've ever downloaded... It never shows up in the Android Wear app...
I usually don't spend money on watch faces. But this one was an exception. I couldn't resist it's theme look and the enormous features it provides. Wonderful.
Totally worth it!
Didn't work
Sweetness
Latest update inaccurate. 6000 steps on the official google fit watch face. Nearly 10,000 with on11 (appart from that, it's awesome).
This warchface will guilt me into walking more, and I don't have to dig it out of my pocket.
After waiting a little while for it to install after the developer mentioned it it is a very nice app. Great colors and the steps is very good
Calories are not showing up in the latest update...please fix the issues  ( Since they are working on the bug fixes , given it 3 ). But it desrves 5 once all is working fine , love the way it looks.
Such a great WF design. Just need some tweaks to make it perfect. Make it able to setting inside AW app, time interval weather update, add screen time and if possible add step counter. And please improve phone battery update (it's important to me). Thanks. ***Edited 02/18, please fix green colour on widget 1 and 2. Now it just black. And also improve refresh phone battery status! Thanks.
Update- thanks for fixing all my issues. Now it's back to being the best watch face around.
Hate that the settings have been taken off the phone on put on the watch...very hard to customise now
The new update has seemed to fix all of the issues I was having. thank you.
Bad update can not even change screen color.., the same still can't change the screen color.
The best watch face. Easy to read at a glance and shows all the information I need. Only wish you could adjust the time-out for the screen.
Looks great, but the phone battery indicator and widgets don't actually connect to my phone which really sucks
Thanks to its update to AW2.0, it's back to its best. Thanks, Dev :)
I don't like the latest update.  This should get changed back.  I can't even find where to change the watch face settings on my moto 360.  I lowered the score of this app 2 stars because of this.  It will get lowered more if this doesn't get resolved.  Then eventually this app will get removed.  Adjusting the watch face settings was better on the phone.  Now it is buried in some watch menu.  Terrible decision.
The Color settings need fixing. U have to click to the right of the color to set it. There is no slider or indicator next to it. In Widget Color settings, Green is actually black. Screen color should be titled Line Color. Also, its spelled "color" not "colour". Watch face looks awesome on OLED.
App was perfect till last update now totally unusable
Cool design with some functionality
I love this face, it's one of my favourites, but recently the year as part of the date is all over the place. Currently it's showing 2025. How do I adjust this??
Was good until the option menu moved to the watch. Now it's a lot harder to change options on a small watch face
Best feature for me is ability to cycle through different data display options in both lower sub displays. Also excellent to have week number display for use in Sweden where this is universally used. Only gripe is that wind speed in mph. Don't see how to change to m/s which would be more consistent with metric display. Is there a way to do this (I have Sony Smartwatch 3) ? Thanks!
Hi there excellent watchable. Rating a 5 star but have a question? What's the value displayed at the top just above the am/pm display. Racked my brains but cannot figure that out. Please help. The.left side one is obviously the battery life remaining but can't make sense what the right side one is and neither is that customizable I think..correct?
Great Watch face,love the design, and the amount of information displayed. However since android wear 2.0 came out a few weeks ago I cannot edit the settings or change the location, so the temperature is displayed incorrectly. Hope it's fixed soon!
Really like the watch face. My only complaint thus far is that both weather sections change value randomly and I have to constantly reset them. I like having the temperature in weather 1, but it constantly changes to max temp at random. Just looked down and the weather 2 section had changed from forecast to something else as well. I like the watch face but I can see these constant resets being more trouble than they're worth down the road.  Also tried to submit a bug report through settings and got a bunch of lines of code and no option to actually bug rep this.
Pretty nice watch face, very useful features. However, it seems that the 'forecast widget' just seems to be poorly aligned alone, and it really does not look as presentable (at least on my moto 360).   A slightly bigger icon at least as big as the fonts for the temperature would probably fix this, along with a tad bit of spacing so it would not be cramped in the middle. Either that or just change the forecast to words altogether (at least for the forecast only setting). Not really sure how that would turn out either. Also, while there is an option to center the time, it does not seem to actually center it horizontally (the time is slightly off to the left). This happens with or without the seconds. The battery numbers are also oddly spaced it seems (maybe needs left/right align to icon).  If these are at least remedied, I would gladly give 5 stars.  For the future, more customizable color options are certainly appreciated. Maybe an option for just one widget would be great too.   Note: For Nougat users, just note that you would need to enable locations permissions from your phone as well as the watch for auto location weather to work.
Looks lovely but the weather info is miles off the mark for my location. I tried auto and manual location etc. I emailed support a week ago but haven't heard back yet. It seems that the openweather system is just hopeless for South Australia.
Everything I need and customizable to my liking. A few quirks, I can't make the line spacers appear on my watch, can't stop interactive face from launching apps. Sometimes I'll look at my watch and it will be sitting on the weather.
I bought it twice and uninstalled it once. However, I'm about to request a refund. I cannot seem to find the installation within the smart phone or the watch. Please someone help. The images seems cool and would hate to ask for the refund once again.
This is not compatible with the LG G Watch R. When using the android wear app to search for watch faces this one is presented by Google. I loved the look of says it needs Android wear which I am running it was not till after the refund period that I found out this is not compatible.
App finally pushed through to the watch. For several reasons, this is by far my favorite watch face. Aesthetics, etc. Would love to have a heart rate widget with it.
Great watch face, colors are customizable.  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the lack of precip chance/amount in the weather data
Loved this face on my SW3,  now have a Huawei Watch 2. This face is great but now I feel it could do with Heart Rate as one of the display options for Android Wear 2.0
Definitely worth the dollar and few cents. Liking it so far only needs to have the step counter for Moto health along with  heart activity and  total burned calories.
For 95p This face has it all. Compared to the more expensive ones I would highly recommend this.  Very happy with this 👍*****
This is the best and most informative Android Wear watchface that I have found.  I keep looking for others that allow me to see both phone and watch batteries, temperature, and weather...but this is the only one!  Nice job on this app!  Could you make some other styles that allow that same functionality?
This face is awesome, but ever since Android Wear 2.0 came out, this no longer updates unless you open the app settings on the phone inside the phone's Android Wear app. No response from bug report. Hopefully fixed soon!
This watch face has no settings. This means I can't change it from Celsius to ferrinheight and can't change it from a 24 hour clock. Also displaying weather is useless if you can't change the location. The time is unreadable to me and the temperature is unreadable to me and it's displaying weather for the wrong country forget about state
Inexistent costumer service. Bought the face but I cannot use all the features as it still say that I need to buy it, what is ridiculous.  Wrote to costumer service since days & no answer, hope they will see this review & find  it.  If no response, will apply reimbursement.
Playstore shows watch as installed, but I cannot see it on my phone (Samsung A3 2016) or watch (Huawei). Both phone and watch have been reset. No success. Sent a email to you a week ago about this problem no response. Not happy.
Weather doesn't work at just says no location even though the location given in the settings on my phone. Battery indicator for phone and watch are not in sync at all.
Simply amazing. Devs like this help the world go around!
Hi I have just purchased this and my phone (s8+) says it has successfully installed yet I cannot find it anywhere? Any ideas?
Doesnt work on note 8 . Wear app doesnt see it
Great look many options to customize it all the information I need all on my screen will give it 5 stars once I see how much battery drain it causes
Looks great, but there are a bug on Moto 360 Sport 2nd Gen, often the amount of steps are not displayed inclusive if it is switched between other faces.
Goodlooking, cheap, customizable texts (remove BL3CK and write down your name !)... I'm a fan ! However, I would appreciate if we could see the oncoming watch alarm displayed on the watchface....
I like their other face called Porto a little more, but this one is still worthy. Elegant and simple, it makes the watch look like a real watch. Easy on the battery as well.
The watch hands and back face seem a bit fuzzy on the edges on my Moto 360.

Alignment problems on the Huawei Watch. I send screenshot via email
This is exactly what I'm looking for except for that the time doesn't update you have to touch your watch and go into your apps to update time very annoying. I'm using an LG urbane
The time doesn't stay on time cause the clock lags or something
Not quite there yet.  Love the customization,  but date is a must for me.  Seems like an easy fix to me.  Also could offer a few more fonts
Time doesn't update which wouldnt be an issue on like anything other than a watch..
Needs better looking fonts! Everything else looks great!
Ok but not so user friendly
It works well except when you don't check in with the venues it gives you the first time.  If you don't check in and just back out of the app, those venues will be the only ones it will ever give you, no matter how far you move.  Please fix this issue.
Nice app. Glod job!
Really great
It is nice and simple application. But I would like to put an icon to my checkin. I hope this will happen in next releases.
First off, I recommend Swipify launcher instead of Wear Mini. However, any app launcher is highly recommended. It's great seeing apps take advantage of the new Foursquare (not just the Swarm side). It's too bad that the check in side keeps crashing. I would like to see the add-on on the phone side app to build in a setting to include Twitter and Facebook in the Swarm Check in. It is available on other Android Wear Apps. Overall, good job. Well thought out. +JoeKaton  Update: have seen the Beta side which solves the crash. Good work. I look forward to seeing the final and future updates.
Thanks for adding the Facebook and Twitter sharing. I bought you a beer ☺... It seems that Facebook sharing only worked once for me. Twitter sharing is working every time.
Swarm check in worked fine, but doesn't appear on Facebook even though the settings have been made.
Works great, wished we don't need Foursquare app though, since it's no longer used for check-ins, only the app Swarm.
That's exactly what I have been waiting for! Great app
Best app
.... Have a look at how easy it is to do a good and working wear app!! .only issue is the start name.... It most if the times let me end up searching for "check in"... Haha
The app never loads, both exploring and check in hang with the loading screen. Has never worked since install.
Worst app.
Awesome update Thanks,  thank you for your efforts and kept promises. Options are great and very customizable. Worth every penny indeed
Top Dev top watch face, love it
I LOVE it!
Background color not changing. Stick on daylight no matter what I choose.
Love it
It's nice, but Bluetooth connected devices started behaving oddly (couldn't connect). Removed this and they work again. So will have to wait for an update to try it again.
Seemed super buggy and wouldn't let me change the instrument that was displayed.
Love it, hope yall add more stuff
It does crash, and you have to download timeline app in order to work.
Essentially
The watch face use too much battery power. Can't get thru a full day of using my Fossil Q Marshall
Good
I like that I can edit everything (digital watch off) nice, clean, useful
Great job!
Back to 5 stars. After some email help. :)
I liked the looks & functionality
Love the customizable interface. Would have given it 5 stars, but it has occasionally locked up while on on the charger. When this happens, it quits charging. Has only been happening with the last 2 updates.  Otherwise I love it.
Dreadful. Absolutely dreadful. Bought watchR. Doesn't do much. Added Brushed wood watch. Flashes like crazy and goes mad. Bought diamond watch face. No diamonds at all. Watch going crazy. Terrible. Refund req'd
Great customizations. Love it. Among the best watchfaces. Minor nits, the numbers text sometimes overlap with the large markers and the complication areas. It would be nice to have dots or short segments (instead of longer lines) for the large (outer) markers ring (perhaps with adjustable length).
Having just gotten AW 2.0 on my Huawei watch on Friday, I've been trying new watch faces and this is hands down my favorite. Great looking watch faces and complications are outstanding.
Would be perfect if it had a night glow ambient setting. Is that a possibility? Such as in the adrenaline watch face.
Awesome thanks
Not bad at all, still trying out the settings.
Very good, but not enough background choices.
Could not get this working, emailed developers and they were brilliant, got lots of feedback from them and they got it working. Excellent watch faces, one of the best for your smart watch
Fantastic Wear 2.0 Watch Face!
Spooky......
This is a decent face but I have a couple of issues. (1) The step counter is not linked to Google Fit, so the step information is not in sync. Seems like this would be the best way to show step information instead of trying to calculate it yourself. (2) The settings say the Heart Rate Sensor is not detected. I have an LG G Watch R and this is one of the main reasons I purchased the watch face.
my huawei watch keeps saying "no heart sensor" how can that be? i have a sensor! i bought this face for the active continuous heart rate.. and it doesn't work! please tell me how to fix this
My Moto 360 second generation says there is no heart monitor. I hope this will be rectified soon otherwise I will seek a refund.
Latest version on my LG Watch Urbane says there is No Heart Sensor - LG app for measuring heartbeat works fine.
Don't you dare use your app to give me extra unwanted notifications without an option to opt out.
The transparent watch hands are a nice touch.
Nice face but needs more customisation. Like where to put date battery etc. Also the ability to have a small digital clock within the watch face would be awesome. Looking forward to the updates
I did like it until the app started to notify me to try other apps from the publisher. If you want spam popping up on your phone this is the app to get.
Classy, stylish and clean. This is by far my favorite watchface. I recently reset my watch because I was switching phones and I couldn't find this watch face. I was lost without it. Keep up the great work and keep those watchfaces coming.
Its fixed!!!
I think your idea is good  the display is superlative clean but as is its not very usable hearth rate rate sensor constantly on eve when its charging ???    The user should have option to access the application when is needed  The face is beautifully done but lack of two very important thing for a smart watch need. Missed call and missed massages This is why people buy smart watches ..... Unless its fixed,  i think i wasted my money,  I doubt my watch is getting annoyed or interested whilst charging... Can you please fix it and than you will have created  a truly 5 star face very  innovative and clean  design  A ) Sensor on and off at user request  B)  Notify user of missing messages and emails  Otherwise may as well use a normal watch........  i will be very happy to give it a five star but not as it is..............  I leave it in your capable hands....
I would have given a 5 considering other watch faces I've tried but I felt the watch/phone battery gauge is static. That was a bit of a cheat but good face.
The heart rate sensor is always lit up as long as i  have this watch face on. Please add a setting for the heart rate update interval so that i can reduce it to once in 5 or 10 mins.
It though drains the battery two times faster compared to a stock watchface. Also hour and minute indicators are a tad faint. I own a moto360.
Possible to have option on HR update frequency?
Quality and richness on the display is fantastic, as previously stated by Michael, does what it says on the tin.
Five stars beby!!!!! Lol keep'em coming more!!!! more!!! :)
This watch face is not compatability with the Huawei watches.
Installed on 360 told me there was no heart sensor.
I found that it did not work.  Just a white screen.
This is true of all of you watch faces that I've tried on my moto 360. They show up halfway down the screen so that I can only see the top. Please fix this as the moto 360 is a very large piece of the wear market.
Best
Looks OK, weather is often not visible and it drains battery.
The best.... aesthetically perfect, infrormational, and detailed. My preferred Smart watch Face. Bargain!
Worth the $1 this face gives all the information I need
Love this watch face
Looks good & functional. Originally did not work, but removal and reinstall & worked.
Love all the information the watch gives.
Replaced F05 as new favorite, because the analog hands, nice!
Please add year and add support for always on screen
It looks fantastic, gives a lot of cool info but the Moto 360 has bad battery life anyway but mine was at 0% in 4 hours. That's ridiculous and as much as it sucks, makes this watch face unusable. It does me no good if my watch is dead within a couple hours.
Can't find this app in Android wear or in my moto 360, like it not even there may
Face is buggy. Several emails sent over issue. Fixed once but a day later it was back to lacking half the info it's suppose to display. Will adjust rating when it's fixed!!!  Email from dev was sent and replied to. Dev left me hanging with no response to issues!!!! Beware of any apps this Dev has. Will leave you hanging with no fix!!!!!
Watch will not show up as option in Android wear..  It was working before.. I had to reset my watch, now it doesn't even show up!
How do I get the wind speed and moon phase to work? It's blank on my motorcycle 360 2nd gen
Love it
This was my favorite watch face for my moto 360 2nd gen (5 stars).  Now that the weather will not load, it looses a great deal of its functionality.                                                  Update:  watch face is now fully functional.  Weather and  sunrise / sunset  are now displayed.  Developer responded very quickly  and resolved the issue in less than 2 days.  5 stars.
Really like the layout.   Can believe all the info you fit on the screen. Very impressed with all of the configuration options.
Everything works thanks for the help and for the update
Love it,Thanks.
Easy to read, not overly complicated looking, and yet it conveys a lot of information.
Would recommend it to anyone, well worth the price
A very nice screen, lots of data. But all that data comes at a terrible power consumption price. My Moto 360 gets only about 7 hrs of run time with it. I had to uninstall it.
I really like the features, but watch battery only lasts 5 hours instead of 15 hours like usual. Moto360
This design fits my needs perfectly, however, I'm not sure if the weather icon section is working correctly. Mine just shows 4 lines. Edit: everything is working fine.
Fun, slightly over cluttered but fine craft from SmartWatch Bureaux
It was cool until I went to bed at 4am w/ a FULL charge, and woke up at 9:30a on 34%
Awsome
The watch face settings keep coming or resetting itself to the farenheit and us metric system ... Please fix this!!!
5 stars if i had the option to change between weather servers
This face would not show weather or other information. And after I installed it it just went black and locked up my watch killing the battery.
Does not work on LG G Watch
I can't find the "open" button, only has a refund button.
Looks good. But can't push settings
The black hands are too hard to see, change the color or add highlights.
The letters are not aligned with the colors above them. I have a galaxy note 3. Please fix. Great concept. Also would suggest a letter indicator pops up to make sure ur on the letter u want.
You mention Android Wear devices in the app description. If you can tell me how to make this happen, I'll re-evaluate my rating.
Sorry how dose this work the app dose not show up as an app in my watch please help
does nothing..
Doesn't appeared in my watch
Don't download it's virus
Have to pay to be able to backspace?
Sooooooo how does this work?
Sorry but it is almost impossible to start typing with it.. I'm sure it'll get better once it starts suggesting but first few words are physically painful to type.
Goog
Interesting idea but I personally found it frustrating to use
How? And Moto 360 support, when answered I will give 5 stars
Just wish there were more ways to customize but otherwise it's great
I really like the look of this watch face. The bright red hands and white lettering are in sharp contrast with the black background. However, the step count does not work. It worked for one day when I downloaded it but then it's always showing 0. Also, the weather information does not get updated in a regular interval. Sometimes,it shows the weather of previous day. I still use it because of sharp design and readability.
Update removed the solid black background? This used to be the best-looking watch face ever! Incredibly disappointing‼️ Even the paid version doesn't have a solid black background😢
After update it doesn't work on my Huawei Watch 1 anymore. Phone is Google Nexus 6P
Before the updates this apps has the smooth sweeping option for the hand on the second now no more. Please bring it back. Thanks
I like this watch face for my sony smart watch. It looks very good and shows all the parameters I normally need at a glance.
What happened to the continous sweep. I was just about to buy this and they take it out??
Does not work at all. Link me to lots of advertisement. Bad
Weather does not update, except manually no matter the option selected.
Looks great on my Moto 360 2nd gen. A bit of a battery drainer, not too bad.
Really like the way it looks but it keeps crashing.
Continuous sweep is now gone.
This is one of the best design watch faces that I have seen. Thanks.
Kept uninstalling itself.
I would be nice to see the watch face.  App installed without the face for the watch.
I love how it looks
Very good
good app
Came across this watch face by accident and it's now one of my favourites. My only gripe is that the face on the picture looks like it has a carbon fibre finish but on my Huawei watch it's flat black.
I really like this watch face! It has a nice picture face in the color black. You can change the colors of the hands between red and blue. You can also change the colors of the smaller hand and choose its speed going around the clock,  either continously or stopping at every second. It displays steps, battery life, and the day and date of the month. I like it and I hope more customization is on the way in the future.
Love the Blue look, could it be possible to replace all the red(s) with blue(s). But Still Loving it!!! Note" U are one of the few guys out there catering for Square displays that is square and not round with 4 dots in corners to make up for the square look" Thanx for that. and Thanx for the Update!!!
This is the cleanest and best watchface for my Huawei. I bought others but this one is the only real keeper despite being free. Also has good battery life compared to others.
Really smart on my Huawei. Even better if the ambient could be adjusted to be a shade darker
Does not work with my Samsung classic S2 watch
Cannot find it to install on my watch after downloading!!
Great watchface I use this one mostly, and I have alot of choices so definitely check this one out.
I like this watch face because you can see everything clearly. There is just enough going on with it.
This is the best looking watch face I have found for a formal look.   Looks great on Q Marshall.
Counter does not work
Very elegant watchface. Currently my fave on my Zenwatch 2. Keep up the good work!
My favourite face for my Sony 3. Looks great.
Great face. Can you make for Gears S3?
Can't install
Great looking watch face. Thank you.
Great face and good options
Awesome... Clear and bold... Easy to read !!!
Very good looking
Good
After running light for so long and loving it, finally paid for the interactive version. For me, the best watch face or there and my go to choice every time. Love it.
Traditional watches require the hands to be above the face/background. The features on the face/background are also important to the wearer. So without the constraints of physical hands why can't digital watch face/background allow the feature to be displayed above or through the digital hands? I want to be able to see, for example, the date even if the minute or hour hand is at 3! Let me know your thoughts please.
it drains the battery!!iam using fossil marshall 7009. usualli i can still used my watches for more than 1.5days b4 charging. w / this.max 6hours. my bsttery's totally dead! pls fix it. thx
I cant move non of the settings it closes app. Bad app dont work. Dont recomend
Looks great on my Moto 360. Rated 4 stars, but with a couple improvements, could be a 5 star rating. First, the dial markers (minute ticks around face) could be a little bolder. Most colors wash into the background. Second, an adjustable screen on time. A couple other watch faces have recently added this, and it is a very nice addition.
I see some people complaining about the battery drain. I feel it's because of the inability to disable to animations. While I think the pulse and second animations look cool, they are a massive strain on the battery. The ability to disable those, not just make them transparent, would be manor boost for the watchface. Being able to resize the text would be helpful as well.
The option to keep color ambient mode does not work.  Could also use an option for how long to keep in Active mode before switching to ambient.  Would totally 5-star this face if we had these!   (LG Urbane, Samsung Galaxy 6, Marshmallow)
I don't pay for watch faces and this is the best free one I have come across. You can change all of the colors which a lot of free versions won't allow. And I love that you get an indicator on the face showing you how many new texts you have.
Great looking watch face! A little bit draining on the battery life, but still manageable.   One key thing that is bugging me though is, what is the correct format to change the "Date format text"? I've tried mm/dd/yyyy, to manually inputting the date, nothing seems to work properly. Please tell me!!
looks great on a zenwatch 2,  i see some complain about certain omitted widgets but I think it may spoil it. With regard to the animation being unable to disable,  the remedy for this is in the watch functions and settings,  timeouts etc. this is a polished high quality face,  looked great square or round
Text size is not adjustable and certainly not like the screen shots, fills up maybe a 1/3 of my screen on my huawei.  Seems this is another abandoned watch apps to add to the long list.
I installed over then 20-30 watch faces, and i uninstalled becose not working good. This one working perfect. Thx for developers. Huawei watch and Samsung s 4.
The only problem i have is how to make the date to dd/mm/yy? Already tried that but the "mm" parts show the minutes instead.. not the month.
The watch face looks polished with active and ambient screen, and the flash during every move of the second hand looks really cool on the moto 360.  It would be nice if it had customizations, but otherwise it is a great looking face.
Hands down my favorite watch face.  Any chance you could make a non military time version. Alot of people prefer it. Love the updated options,  bought you a beer, keep up the good work.
I like this watch face a lot. What would make this even better, is if there was a setting where you could control the display time (how long the screen stays on for) and be able to save different color combinations. Also, being able to turn off animations to save battery life, would be a plus.
This watch face does exactly what I want a watch to do and nothing more. It simply looks cool doing it. I don't need weather, steps, or phone battery every time I look at my Zenwatch. There is a reason for Now cards. What's important here is, with the appearance of this face and how it functions it is able to provide very good battery life. After 10 hours I'm usually around 60%. Sure this can vary by usage. I just know I'll be using this one a while.
If this had a weather widget the same as the 'LED With Weather' watchface (add forecast and custom options etc) then this would be the best on the market, bar none! I bought you a beer anyway, as it's still a great watchface 😃
Would not mind a few ads, but now popping up all the time on home page and other apps. So changed mind and must delete!! So many ads popping up right now that I can hardly write this review! Grrrr!! Horrible... Don't use it!!!!
It used to be amazing but apparently a recent update has now seen the add-on not loading into android wear. Doesn't even show as a watch face option on phone. Can only pick on watch with defaults, no more customization ability.
This is the watch face!  Loaded with customization that can fully change this device. Free customization from the get go but seriously buy the developer a beer!  They deserve it. Battery does not drain rapidly.
I really enjoy this face but the excessive battery usage makes it impossible to be used everyday. Couple of updates later, it's sadly still there.
Installed, but watch face does not appear in Wear gallery, and no app, either! (LG Urbane + Samsung Note7)
But when I do, it's this one. I've tried roughly 100 watch faces. From stock installed from Motorola and Huawei, dozens on Watch Maker and Facer, to Puji Black and Krona Sunlight. None of them compare to this one. I love the font they use. The placement of the date and time perfectly meshes together with NEW notifications and doesn't get in the way. Ambient mode is very easy to read and minimal for better battery life. Animation is pleasant to look at when the watch face turns on. Watch face is perfect. 5/5
Just installed as I need date with time. Nice to see battery status too. Would like to wait and watch battery usage and then give five stars.
I have an lg urbane 2nd edition watch & this  watch face stays on draining the watches battery. It's a nice watch face but no total fail.
Everything I want im a modern digital face. The edge flashing seconds is a nice touch.
Great everything is fixed and works even better so sick
Add a step counter to a premium version. Reverse the battery bar to fill towards an individual's step count goal instead of emptying in its standard use.
As of this writing, it does not work on Zenwatch2. All it says is that it's for Android Wear.
Brillant looking watch face , installed and works no problem on my Huawei watch ... Well worth buying the man a beer
This is an amazing app! LG G watch here and it looks and feels like the best watch app so far. Everything is customizable which I think is a total credit to the creator.
This is my go to watch face. Looks extremely high tech and is very functional.  Great watch face to have selected when showing off your smart watch to others!
This is one of the best watch faces out there today. I'm gonna have to buy this dev a beer. Good job,
Put a weather option on it dude and it will perfect.....just sayin
My go to watch face. Futuristic. Not too much and cool to look at.
bought the premium version to change colors. wish it had the phone battery line on the bottom of the circle. enjoy your beer, sir.
It not working at my watch..  Previously it's working fine, but now it won't work anymore please help and solve this problem.. Thanks
Just updated and color options are not changing on the watch. No matter which part I change it keeps the defaults. Using G watch r.
I would give this app five stars if the battery wasn't so bad with this watch face but overall a great face.
Edit parts only let's you edit the colors? Even though it says it's supposed to let you sort, add and delete..
The customization does not seem to work with my lg g watch r. But one of my favorite faces
It's free, customizable, and not shady. It was the first watch face I downloaded and I still mainly use it.
I like it, if only the alignment of the digital time is centered it would be perfect, consider making an alignment option for the digital component
It's a really nice watch, but the seconds do not move when the screen is dimmed. Also, maybe you can add notifications on the dimmed screen. I'm using Xperia Z3
It will be better if it have animated emojis! Please add some animation effect!
Very original face. My new favorite!!!!!! Perfect as is, but animations or interactive features would be cool :)
Though it took longer than expected, the watchface shows up on my Asus Zenwatch2. It looks very nice, though it only seems to display the time in 24 hours, rather than 12.
Never showed up on my watch
Didn't work
Resolution seems a bit blurry, otherwise it's great
I also was unable to get changes to sync after purchasing premium.  Thanks to Jason Robinson's review I was able to change the face also only when my watches screen was on and active.  I have a Moto 360 First Gen.  Otherwise this is a beautiful minimalist watch face that I really enjoy. I'd also like to remove the name after purchasing premium.  Lastly,  the second hand star does not seem to work on the blue nebula face no matter what I configure it to.
Great looking watch face.   However,  after upgrading to premium I could not get it to sync my setting changes to my watch face.  After trying a few things,  including a reboot of the watch,  I discovered that I could sync the settings only when my watch face was active (visible screen).  I have the original Huawei watch.  Also, after updating to premium it would be nice to be able to remove the name from the watch face, as well as have a few more color options.
Bought the premium version and nothing works. Can't change anything don't waste your 2$
Huawei watch 2.  Paid for premium and will not change watch face. As not bought from play store I cannot click for a refund...... Waste of time.
Didn't work on my Huawei watch 2.
Misleading, this watch does only red colour, no interaction, horrible
Recommended by a friend, love this watch face. Minimal & Simple, the way i prefer in watch faces.
Simple & Beautiful watchface. Syncs perfectly on Moto 360 2nd Gen.
Minimal & Cool watch face. Love the second revolving as star 🌟
Great watch face
Cool watch face.. Looks great!
Very good watchface. Beautiful design.
Beautiful watch face.
Perfect watchface. Love it.
Cool watch face
Watch face is good
Awesome watch face. Looks perfect & love that it has both digital & analog watch together.
looks great on moto 360v2
Beautiful
The background should be replaced by a HIGH quality one.  For example, default Blue MoonPhase face for huawei watch has a very high quality background.
This is a super looking watch face and light on battery. To get 5 stars I would like to see dual (watch and phone) battery displays on the battery circle dial (see the new skymaster face) and why have a second hand AND a dial that shows seconds? An option to remove the liongate text and just keep the icon would be welcomed
Great design but the analogue ambient mode is either to simple or has too much. Needs a a mode in between. There full mode will eat through battery as it has a blue background on an amoled screen.
Like many of this devs faces, it is not centered on the Moto 360. Needs to be moved a couple pixels to the right (not sure exactly how many).
One of most beautiful watch faces!
Would be cooler with a more pronounced radar sweep (shadow?). An occasional blip would be a bonus.
The whole watch face is misaligned on moto 360
Can be improved by putting more details or shadows to give dimension.  Right now, it just looks flat.  Not worth spending for.  The only watch face you'll be wanting to use is the one with blue and orange
Excellent app!  I tried countless other options and finally found this one which worked great.  I specifically have chosen photos that make me smile - that way I am smiling all day long :-)  Note that you manage the app through the Android Wear app, not it's on phone app.  I'm going to give this 5 stars because I'm thrilled, but I would suggest two options:  a) Add the day/date as an option on the clock.  b) Add folders in the photo selection box - all photos together is difficult to manage.  To make this easy, I use Google Photos only for my watch faces and select them all after cropping square.  Makes them easy to manage.  Again, VERY satisfied with this app.
Now I can toggle my photos to show to people, works pretty good for photos from phone or web.  Just wish I could tell before I select a photo how it will appear on my LG Urbane as a couple of photos get the heads cut off on the watch.  Don't notice any battery hit either, so suspect it is caching the photos on the watch.
With a huawei and nexus 5x the photos don't seem to rotate. Stuck with one pic even though mult are selected. Also took me a while to figure out that I needed to manage photos through Android wear app versus another app(newbie to Android wear). Once I figured that out no real navigation issues other than trying to figure out how to get the pics to rotate.
Works OK. I don't like that the dimmed mode is not black and white, that wastes battery. App design is annoying, but it's not a big deal. And please add more than 2 options for the watch face with different designs.
After installing go into the Android Wear app on your phone and select the Your Photos watch face.  You can then select one or more photos from your phone to show as your watch face.  The watch face is changed each time your watch comes out of dim mode.  NEAT!
I searched for hours for an app that does EXACTLY THIS!!  Thank you!  FYI: the image selector is random.  If you have thousands of images on your phone, it makes finding a specific one difficult.  I had to use the "menu" key (not all androids have'em) to select the sorting order. (Newest first) To clear previously selected images, you have to go to "app info" &gt; "clear data"
Functions well enough, but there's GOT to be a better way to browse pictures! Mine are all organized by photo, but this ap dumps them all into ONE album. Phone memory is big, especially with an external card, people! I can't scroll thru 15k pictures to select the few I want.
makes all other faces redundant, only downside is that it tends to crash when selecting photes from phone, could just be my phone. Thanks for app Jim
Been looking at a ton of significantly difficult watch face creators when all I wanted to do was put my own picture as the background on my G watch. Thank you for keeping it simple!
Decent but I have over 9000 photos and it crashes on me. I was however able to load quite a bit, 1000 or so, on to it before it starting crashing
Installed it, but can't find any way to open it. There is no shortcut icon, and no way to open it from Google Play. Samsung Galaxy Note 4
maybe some slight adjustment options the access to photos is kinda weird but again great for what I wanted. using my pics for my watch face
Need an option for those of us that do not leave the screen on all the time.  Right now just reloads same picture.  Thanks.
I love this, allowed me to fully create my own watch faces, combine it with a photo studio or art app and the options are near infinite.
Out of the hundreds of watch faces this is by far the best. What's better than seeing the thousands of digital pictures you take every time you look at your watch? This has never frozen the watch and the photos change every time the watch wakes up.
It doesn't even show up as an app to open and work
Hey @Jim, love this app. But for some reason once I uncheck a photo it still shows as a watch face. Suggestions? I've already reset my watch and reinstalled the app.
Not able to view this app in my mobile after installing it
I am getting error while selecting "choose photos from your phonr"
A nice app letting me look at my photos when checking the time.
I've taken some cool images that give me very cool, one of a kind watch faces
I love that you can set it to pick up photos from facebook and Google at the same time.
The app worked before the 2.0 update,but not the photos don't change and just stay one the last photo you picked.
I love the app I love being able to see my family on my wrist it works wonderfully. I just can't figure out how to delete the photos that are on the watch
Will not even open up only option showing is uninstall.
I can't get to my photos... Please let me know how to...
The app doesn't show open option on my phone. It doesn't even show up in apps drawer. Pls correct.
No documentation. There seems to be no way to add photos
Doesn't work at all
Working on SW3 but need more style of clock
What more needs said.  Pick a picture and BAM, it's on my watch.
Only wish I could move the digital time instead of just the middle
Wow superb ,thanks alot guys ...excellent app ,that too for free....well-done
Won't even open on my phone
Easy to use and does what you want it to 😊
No icon only option was to uninstall
Only option was Uninstall, so I did. 😂
It's amazing for Android but plz make this type of app for iOS system

Doesnt work
Good Watch Face. I like that you can choose the colour you want. Simple but effective. Thank You
Looks awesome, keep at it mate
I'm sure how difficult it is seem like a No Brainer then again I'm not developer... uninstall until 12hr clock is available
Ko
Looks great, but no option to display date as well as time.
Not as good looking as the photo. Ugly gray border around half of the edge.  The low power clock face is even worse. Uninstalling right away.
No option to make night mode with colours! Developer please do something about it! It will be perfect otherwise!
you need to update it for the new andoid version
Time warner
Great
Excellent
Please fix the alignment issue with moto 360 lollipop 5.1.1 and I'll give you 5 stars..I love the design
Good
Very elegant, thanks!
Looks very nice on the Sony Smartwatch 3 with square display, but second hand doesn't work in ambiant mode. One way around this is to make the second hand disappear in ambiant mode. A couple of nice options would be to have the option of a transpatent background and to change the second hand colour.
LG G watch. Sleek, elegant, beautiful, BUT when watch goes subdued the second hand freezes in place and never disappears. When I wake it up the second hand jumps to the time where it should be. Be nice if the date was a bit larger... Eliminate the day maybe.
Could you please remove this as an 'app' in the app drawer? Just move that screen to the watch face settings. I would pay $1 just to have it not in my app drawer. Also would be cool if you removed the second hand from the ambient mode. Maybe added some color options for it. Then this would be 5 stars.
I would like to have them, but when I download them, they only show their icon in apps menu, but in android wear, or motorola connect, or even on watch, I cant choose them, because they are not there :-(         *still doesnt work after update             *well done, finally working! 5*
This would be my most frequently used wtahcface ever if not for the fact that the screen goes yellow and freezes when my LG G watch R is in standby
The ambient mode is really odd on the G watch, the seconds hand just stops
A great-looking watch face that I can't choose in Android Wear or in the watch menu. Fix it!
I'm using a Nexus 6 paired with Moto 360. This watch face does not fit properly and is not centered
nice, but it doesn't look like the screenshot on the 2nd gen Moto 360.  the time stamp is on the right not at the bottom like shown, minimal but not what I was wanting nor expecting.  uninstalled.
Make the second hand disappear in ambient please.
Please  update app.to make this compatible with Android wear 2.0 paired with iOS.
Doesn't show so can't be chosen... Edit: shows after update! :)
No way to Set it as watchface..
Could we get an option to remove battery ?
No comment pl.
works now
No settings nothing
Grey Shooter
Looks good.
Good app
Not displaying battery. Nexus 6 and Moto 360
How can i sync this with my samsung gear 2
No settings
Xperia z (y)
Battery display and date doesn't work
one of the most classy watchface on the store
People love my wrist watch
As mentioned before, does not work with the above combination.
Watch face images on device look NOTHING like the promo images.
Nice!
Briliantt
Loved it
Gives me everything I need to see. I would like to also see weather. Thank you!
I love this, the only thing I would like would to be able to set a color myself.
Looks great simple and clean
Really, really like the look and feel of this watchface. Only thing I feel it is missing is custom backgrounds. The choices there are great, but having the ability to apply a custom background would be awesome! Maybe even different font options? Otherwise, works and feels great on my LG G Watch paired with my S6 edge!
This watch face is not showing on my Nexus 5 (OS 5.1) or Samsung Gear Live (OS 5.0.2).  I restarted the watch and phone, but with no luck.  I also uninstalled and then reinstalled the watch face and Android Wear apps, but that also did not help the issue.  I do like the watch face concept.  CAN I PLEASE GET A REFUND?
It worked for a few seconds when I first installed it, but then gave me a force close and then just stays on a generic face. When I choose a different face, then go back to this one, it gives me 2 force closes, then goes back to that generic face. Please fix this problem. I would love to use it
I tried to buy and use this watch face after the first time it kept crashing. The watch face work with running and I'm able to make changes. Very beautiful face! Running nexus 6 (at&t) and moto 360
I love the look of this watch face, but ever since the first time I tried to customize on my Moto 360, it crashes every time I try to set it. If that gets fixed it will be great.
This is a really nice watch face, one of my favorites so far, but it has some stability issues and crashed a couple times during setup. Barring that, the personalization options are very nice, although I'd love to see an option added to have accent color in always-on mode to make it a bit less bland.
Once you change from the default, the app will crash no matter what. Not recommended for moto 360. Complete waste of your money
Now it just crashes
Love the design. Crashes to the point of being unusable
Using on moto 360: seems when I select certain watch faces the app crashes and won't load. Reinstalling fixes this until you try to use the face again. Will continue testing.
On my s5 and moto 360 every time I try to change my watch face it crashes. But don't buy the app not worth it.
I tried to customize and now it just force closes. Can't even get back to default. I wish I could get it refund. DO NOT PURCHASE.
Crashed immediately upon selecting it. Would look fantastic if it didn't crash.
A great looking, well thought out watch face with plenty of customization options, but it force closes whenever I apply an analog watch face. 5 stars in anticipation of the fully functional version.
I'm impressed. Use it as my fault watch face. Striking colors when screen is activated and a black and when move when my LG G watch is in power save mode. No adverse effect on battery life. I'm very happy with this purchase.
Works fine on my Moto 360 and Gear Live, it would be nice if you could pick your own background images though.
Cannot see more than one watch face ?
Please fix this!
I downloaded it but it would not show so I waited 1 day still won't show now the refund period is over
Plenty of options to choose from, not having crashing issues with One Plus and Moto 360
Not too shabby. Plenty of wallpapers, although I wish they had more styles of text
I do wish there was an option to randomize the faces and backgrounds every so often.
I downloaded I can't use it can't open it
Looks like it downloads but doesn't show up on watch or phone.
Poly watch faces is not showing
Paid for it and it won't appear...
This is a great watch face with tons of combinations
this is my favorite watch face so far
Beautiful and simple.
I initially enjoyed this, but one watch face seemed to completely crash it and was unable to reload. Refunded and uninstalled. Would purchase again if fixed.
Downloaded it, but it never showed up as a watchface. Disappointed 😞
Moto 360, 5.1 - faces look good and I want it to work, but after I tried customizing, it crashed an never worked again. Please fix! But for now refunded and uninstalled.
Crashed and did not recover even after reboot
I purchased even liked it but then it crashes so has to refund it using on moto 360
I installed it and it was not available on my watch or the android ware app (refund)
Never worked
I serch and the app never opened and that never showed up
Snow flakes are falling everywhere  ***
even though I get bored after while it is fun to see how many snowflakes I've got about 1,000 a day
Fossil Q - Nice snowman and falling snow animation. No issues
Very nice design!  And love the ambient display also.
Asus Zenwatch 2 - Adorable snowman. No issues.
Looks good.  No complaints
Beautiful
Love the simplistic design and it easy to read.
I received my good comments on this one.  Easy to read also.
Good
App is failing to install on my samsung s6 edge, it downloads then app isnt available to open just the uninstall option from the app store.
The snow actually moves on screen which is great!
Lovely watch face !
Great looking watch face to lighten my children's faces during the christmas season.
It onlyhas a uninstall can't even find it on my LG.
Works well
Looks great and the kids love it
So wonderful and useful.
To cool
Great
Snowman
amazing face.
Nice
Love it
Perfect
Haven't changed watch face since found this last month. Fab
Excellent watch face. To be perfect and get 5 stars all it would take is a battery level indicator.
Woodland critters
Cute
Brilliant.
Love it
Please add the year
Did not get to use it only show uninstall when I looked it up again. Never showed on my watch or in my app.
great for the Season
They don't ever show up on my watch. I'm not stupid. I've had a 360 from day one and this has not happened. Back to watchmaker. Better faces and free. Oh they turn up instantly!No wonder it's called "rich"  They take money for nothing.
This watch face kills my phone battery on the S7 edge. Installed and ran all the tine even when not in use on my watch. Force stopped and back to normal. Uninstalled as it's not that great anyway and is ridiculously to run all the time. Kills the doze feature Samsung has as it runs while the phone is sleeping.
World clock with color in ambient mode Xcellent set of ideas. Wow superb hands up. Make more interesting designs lyk dis. Den tht will b five star but need to include secs hand in ambient mode wuld b more real den
It crashes when I go to settings
With the recent changes to set the timezone names and font, this watchface is near perfect for me..
Its look square in moto 360 look bad .... You need to re test and the deploy it again
I need a multi timezone watch,  this is a good start,  but can you guys not make a great design multi timezone watch.
Worth buying all of them for your Moto 360. Only this from Rich watchface looks good on Moto 360
please fix moto 360
Doesn't get to my watch tried a few times im unintstalling it
Poor antialiasing in standby mode airtight reasonable sweety of options. Needs done more work.
Love the mini digital clock!
Good. Free 2 theme.
Very stylish and helpful.
Moto 360 works great. Date and year awesome
Wish the day off the week showed but it's still a great app!
You should combine your themes together into 1 app (concrete and leather). It would be perfect if you use the leather watch hands with the concrete watch face. Also removing the world clock option is needed too.
But it would be great if timezone clocks could be disabled in settings.
Good design. On my moto 360, the inner dials contrast is lacking a bit, at least worth the included faces. It would also be nice to specify that I have a round face wear device and have it only sync the round choice. I have a 'Rect' option that I don't want.
just one question: how do I let the card doesn't show on first screen? The card looks too big but I don't want mute mode or swipe it away…LG G watch
I cannot switch between 24hr & 12hr time display. Otherwise, it's OK.
I bought the black version for my moto 360, and when it goes from dim to regular, or regular to dim, the dimensions change (it shrinks/enlarges a bit) and the transition looks bad. Please fix!  Then it's 5 stars.
Please fix moto 360 resize problem on dimmed display.
Always when I have a notification the skins became like for Samsung Gear "square" mode. I don't have premium, but always the screen display quickly the black skin before display the white one.
I wish the low energy mode was set for round face with 360 and also I wish I could get rid of the "concrete" text...
Even after the update, the watch faces are still rectangular.
The font and hands on the two smaller dials are tiny and unreadable.
Nice design, just not much customizing available other than colors (pay for) and time zones
Works great. Looks more great.
The watchface looks great!  The most recent update fixed the round watchface and it offers a great alternative for the Moto 360.
Looks alright but make the words at the bottom of the fact removable or customisable. It would also be better without the white battery icon in the left corner.
Square face on moto 360
Battery percentage on the bottom, controlled by setting will be handy.
Classy look, great refinement in dimmed mode, displays all of the info I need, under a dollar for premium faces... What's not to like?
And my LG watch reboot
Shows square watchface on moto 360
Thanks. These are the best. Nice.
I'm so happy that the first watch face I could find that supported multiple timezones is so good looking. Nicely done!  One feature request... would it be possible to add the ability to specify the timezone name? I live in "Beijing" but the best I could use was "Shanghai".
I would of bought all of them if they were 2.99 for all of them or even some customization for hand colors,  textures, and background colors.
The developer should at least have the common decency to change the pictures in the play store to reflect the fact that the black watch face (the one I downloaded the app for) is in fact premium. Uninstalled it immediately.
Any chance you could make this available for a phone lockscreen?
But rather basic without any customization features.

Doesn't show up in watch faces or moto connect
great experiment!
nice!
Awesome watchface; most interesting one I've come across yet. Also one of the most useful watchfaces in dimmed mode; very readable. I have two requests though: (1) optional 24h-format; I can't get used to 12h format. (2) Notifications in dimmed mode overlay the clock and become unreadable.   Other than that: perfect.
Don't make us suffer for Motorola's bad decisions. Also really doesn't fit properly on the lg gwatch screen. Numbers go off the edge.  Neat effect otherwise.
This is one of the best watchface out there. Unfortunately, it is not optimized for the LG G Watch R as it has a black bar at the bottom. Would be nice to see an updated version with a completely round design.
On the Urbane /G watch R there's a flat tire on the bottom and also an issue where number text overflows to the borders. Probably due to not accounting for multiple watch screen sizes. Can't wait to see this improve!
I love the idea, it is one of the best watchfaces. However with the face responding to motion all the time it drains the battery very quickly. Perhaps if another option that responds to the touches and swipes of the user was present this would be a perfect watchface.
Unable to get watchface to display just shows a black screen.
Just a black screen on this watch, I'm afraid
Using a moto 360 and even though top right corner of the number is cut off the watch face is incredibly smooth and I don't experience any lag, hope to see more added to the watch face!
Cool concept, but it doesn't quite fit the Moto 360. Please optimize for circular watch faces. Additionally, please add the ability to adjust the colors.
On my moto 360 I like how the numbers are not centered and hang off the screen. But...it eats battery: (
Not sure what's up with the flat tire on the Watch Urbane (it doesn't appear in the preview).
Decent watchface, but it's ruined by the black bar at the bottom.  Makes it look off-center on my LG G Watch R.
Fantastic but I fail to understand the roll of permissions required for a... ...watchface ... PS: it doesn't work on my Sony SW3
Good looking watch face, but it gives a flat tire on the LG G Watch R, please fix that :)
I love it on LG G watch. Single best face out there. Those talking smack should give it another shot.
It returned an error the first time, now is only black
Feels like it's missing some customisation options (color swatch, etc.) and it would also be nice to have the date (I.e. day of month) somewhere on the watch face.
This watch face gives my LGWR watch the dreadful flat tire look of the Moto 320.
It doesn't seem to be compatible with Sony Smartwatch 3. The watchface never loads.
This is my favorite watch face on my Moto360!! It would be really cool to be able to manually select a color scheme for the face but the way it changes throughout the day is really great too! Bravo!
I am not able to download it because I have a Xiaomi phone. This sucks cause I have a LG G watch and the app would not download just because of the phone that I am using.  Can you change this?
...but, as said before, it doesn't work well on LG G Watch R. Also, a possibility to change colors could be cool.
Doesn't work on Sony Smartwatch 3
As title which is a shame
It is a very beautiful watch face, but could you add a 24 hour mode and make the card transparent? Than it's a perfect watch face!
Great concept, but it doesn't work perfect (yet) on round watches. I love the idea though. Keep it going!
Single digit hours should be centered and of course the ever mentioned flat tire... Not sure what you're thinking there...
Slightly off center (too far to the right) on my Moto 360. Otherwise smooth animations and nice look.
Entertaining.  Nice idea, but not formatted for the Urbane.
doesn't work on Sony sw3
Nothing but a black screen on the Sony Smartwatch 3
This is one of the best watchfaces I've seen yet. Looks great on a Moto 360. Nice job!
Blank screen on Sony SW3
Doesn't work on SW3
My new favorite watch face! Please add ability to change colours
Brak sniegu w swieta moze zostac jedynie zrekompensowany przez tego watch facea. Dzieki niemu swieta SA PRAWDZIWE.
Needs more interactivity, restricted to a single "bottom" center widget when i have been using Master by the same dev. I like the look of this but not the functionality. I like having heart rate, weather and step counter all on the watch face at the same time. this one Makes you choose just one (and not easily mind you) at a time.
Can't change the background. Can't disable the analog indicators and marks. Other than those few things, it's great!
Great developer. This face is really nice and simple for when you need to see the time often and quick. The big text makes it easy and fast to read.
Simple but useful. You can make a Sci fi like watchface or just a simple one.
Simple and sharp. I like it.
This is a good looking watch face. Very happy with the purchase. Batteries, weather and clock presented together nicely. A new favourite.
Good looking, easy on my lg urbane battery this is one of my favourite watchfaces, would highly recommend
The only thing I would like to see is having the cards removed from view when the watch is dimmed
I would give if 5 stars if there was an option to run a more minimal always on mode with just the time and date. All the other stuff isn't needed all the time and just wastes battery and causes more burn in. Also needs the option to tap the weather widget and get more detailed information instead of cycling. Please consider adding these features, especially the minimal always on mode.
Great watch face. Only problem is that I can't set an area for the weather. If I could set a zip code for my area instead of relying on location and GPS that would be awesome. Other than that no problem!
In the very short time I've had my 360, this has become one of my favorite watch faces.  It's simple, clean, and has lots of notification options.  Really love the phone and watch battery monitors on the sides.  It also seems to be really easy on the battery.  I take my watch off the charger at 7am (weekdays) and usually around 5pm I'm at about 50% battery on a "normal use" day.  I've noticed that using this face I'm around 60-65+% battery at that time of day.
Looks good.  Could use the ability to open Android weather when clicking on the weather icon, not just scrolling through other info.  Also, could use some nice presets for color combos like in the pictures.
Phenomenal face. I've been struggling trying to find one and finally picked this one up! I would HIGHLY rate it.
Mesh won't work on moto g1
Good looks, nice customizations.  I like that it's configured via the Android wear app..
Latest update is making my watch die halfway thru the day, when I used to have 60% left after a long day.  I disabled the new interactive features and it helped for a day, but now it's back to being dead fast.  Switched to a default watchface to be sure that's the cause and now I'm back to normal.  Is there a way to downgrade??  If so I'll give 5 ★s.
It should show the complications when in ambient mode.
I love how customizable this watch face is. It is the only one I have found  that alerts me to missed text messages . Great color choices too.
Love it!
Love it!
Cool blue watch face. Works fine on Moto 360. Very happy!
Please refund...
Great Design by Husky !!!
Goodddddd
It is a decent watchface, nothing exceptional. But it does not update temperature info correctly, what's unacceptable for a paid watchface (always shows 19 degrees). Either fix the bug or remove the misleading/broken functionality.
Nice watch face. Interactive features don't work well. Would like to be able to turn them off or replace them with second time zone. Wish you could select only the accent colors you want for automatic change.
It's a very nice looking watch. Lots of color options and rather functional with a very responsive team (great job guys!). I know phone battery is coming which is will probably make it my daily watch face. The only thing that could be improved is adding more options for the user such as deciding what icons(I.e. battery or weather) are displayed and choosing when the colors change or which colors are on the automatic cycle.
Once again face is nice but ambient is crap and can't be customized. I want to be able to change that ugly font, size and location on screen and an option to add date
I really like it, but for the price, I would enjoy a few more features, ESPECIALLY other color options for the clock outer trim than just black. If that happens I'll bump it up to 5 stars.
I like the watch face alot but it only gives me one color. I cant get other colors to sync. Very frustrating especially for a paid app.
Automatic accent change does not work, yet! G Watch
My current favorite, simple and clean
Very nice and smooth watch face!
Beautiful app. But ambient mode is very very ugly.
Really nice, but a couple of suggestions.. Ambient mode ~ little bit more info ie date.  Main screen ~ add interactivity to the date to show agenda, when tapping on battery for more info show phone battery status as well
Nice options, looks good on moto
Needs a lot more options in ambient for me to use on a daily basis - show weather, battery, some limited colour maybe... Let alone I don't like font or size of time in ambient either. Cant see phone battery anywhere. On the plus side, the interactive weather button and detail screen are great.
This just makes my watch look simple yet very beautiful!
No matter how many times I tell it to refresh, it doesn't switch to Fahrenheit.
Simple Yet Wonderful!
I have bought the watch face and like the concept, but have some suggestions for options; make the coloured circle go right up to the side of the watch face instead of within a black circle, have an option to have a full color ambient watch face without animation (the current ambient mode is horrible), and have an option to hide the digital seconds﻿
I just paid for the premium but it will not let me first off get it on my watch won't let me pick different colors if you could please help me with this I may give it a better rating but for now not good
Great face. Love it. Go premium its worth it.
S app has everything in need, this is the first app which allows me to put Jamaica time on my watch face. I also on a Tissot touch this watch face is very similar where I can choose to set my alarm, timer stopwatch calories ECT. Must have
Cool
Let me use the dame thing first before you ask me for an opinion you app daaa.
Rubbish! Difficult to use. And stole my money.
Does not update anymore
Looks cool and works well on LG urban
Why have this in s3 watch face collection.
Not working
Cool
I love the features on this watch face.  The ability to customize its widgets is perfectly designed.  Appearance customizability is exactly what I'm looking for.  And the Dev,  Thomas, has been very helpful and quick to respond with technical questions.
Great looking watch face and loads of features that I never thought I'd need - being able to set a timer with just two clicks for example, so handy!  /u/UKDarkJedi
I've been looking for the perfect watch face for my Huawei watch. This might finally be the one! Great layout with many useful features easily accessible. Great work! - wrxr7
AW2.0, 4 shortcuts, 3 widgets, lots of customizations, and battery levels are shown. Perfect amount for a watch face!! -spectradawn77
Great looking watch face with quick access to many useful watch apps. Good work! Reddit: klingsurf
Nice "at-a-glance" layout, and great color choices. Looks great on my Huawei - rybread613
Great face, looks nice on my fossil q Marshall (from Reddit)
Lfaria123 - Really like the overall look of it specially on my Huwawei Watch
Beautiful watchface, lovely on the Huawei Watch (Reddit Kolma528)
Good looking watch face. Tresboston
This is great app with premium being even greater. A question..... As I like most of what you are creating,  is there a way of making them all premium with an umbrella price?  ...
Came here from Reddit...good, clean face on my moto360... Username is Juggalofr33k.
MitchTheRad here from reddit, great watchfaces as always. Go thema.
Really cool app (reddit: eltigere)
Great watchface! (Reddit:dotter_ak)
OK will keep you posted
I love the watch
Nice
Very nice watch face! Love the amount of info you can place on the watch face, such as having watch battery, phone battery, and 3 other widgets. I've a question though. What's the difference between the 4 prices for premium?
Great watch face!  Even better if you get premium.
Good
It didn't work at all
Many good features about this app Such as awesome stock faces and cool customization,  but the weather is very inaccurate. Living in San Diego   I am fairly certain it's not going to rain for the next 3 weeks straight,  and it's not 82° at 8pm in February.  Inaccurate weather can be a deal breaker for most smart watch owners.  Fix the weather problem and I give 5 stars.
The weather  currently displays 77°F. It is 10°F here. Obviously wrong. Isn't the app able to use phone location? I am uninstalling until fixed. May have to cancel my subscription as well.
But there's no access to settings, the weather didn't appear to work, and the G+ community appears to have been abandoned
Great and simple watch faces. I'd love to give it 5 stars, but a lot of the really neat faces are only available in 24 hour mode with no ability to toggle it to 12 hour.
...weather reports as 82 degrees every day. I live in Illinois, so this is quite impossible in March!
All the watch faces are for round wears and nothing for square face. Although its applicable to square but it will be better if you provide settings to choose between square and round.
As others have said, there are nice options here. Weather is WRONG. Easy to use.
Nice faces, you claim to be closely working with Mobvoi but no support for Ticwatch?? Please add support and I'll rate 5 stars!
Weather is way out, days are wrong & all screens are for round watches.
I like the watch faces. Very cool and innovative. But the displayed weather conditions are wrong.
Love the watchfaces but like a lot of other people here the weather doesn't even show up on my Huawei watch. Please fix it!
Installed and it just gives errors. "Data load failed. Please try again later."
No battery drain issues, attractive while easy to read and useful indicators. With greater customizations a 5/5
But weather bug is very annoying...
Nothing appeared in my Android Wear App after installation.
So many faces with large graphics of useful options.
I can imagine the effort put into developing these beautiful faces and for free
Wrong weather info...
I can't download any preset
Pretty good collection of watches, I like it
Not installing on Android
I like it.
Is good to have more watch face
The app is not loading now..
Great designs
Simply Awesome
Awesome
Okay, this app doesn't have its own app for configuration management, its in the android wear app. So far I like the faces and the apps, they are clean and different then others. I don't get any data, my step counter doesn't work and the weather feed doesn't update. Don't know about battery drain yet as I have not had it on for long as the data doesn't load so I can use it for much. Looking forward to it getting fixed. Will revisit review once issues are worked out.
All watch faces show the wrong weather and I can't set location or anything
Even though I not using a watch face set by this app, it is running in the background?
I am looking for the add your own photo option listed in the updates. Where is that on the actual watch faces?
PLAY store says it installed but no icon and it won't launch from the appstore installation
Such a pleasure to get such an awesome gift. Beautiful faces, free for Christmas. Thanks guys, merry Christmas!
I don't understand - such a beautiful watch face, why is it free?
Loving the C9
Beautiful watch face but it will not load from my stock T-mobile Note5 to my new Tag Heuer Connected watch.  I've tried everything  to make this work. Restarted both my watch and my Note5.  Uninstalled and reinstalled.  Nothing works, unfortunately.  The developer was sympathetic but unable to solve the problem.  This happened on several other of their lovely watch faces.  Only "Ticker" worked.  Note that most watch faces I have tried have downloaded with no problems.
Quite an expensive app, but I like the watch-faces. Nice selection, and quite professionally done. However, why is it communicating with about 20 IP addresses? I can see the requests,  to all sorts of IPs and ports, so it's chattering on the Internet.
Always get error message saying try again, but it never works.
12 hr mode please
No 12 hour mode
Love color
I continue to be amazed. This is my fifth watch face. They are all great and I will probably end up buying all of them. Sci-Fi, functionality and great design. Keep up the good work! -Note- the battery gauge for the phone on this one doesn't seem to update or stay accurate. I have also had this happen in the station watch face. Thanks!
This watch face is awesome and highly customizable but I did notice some lag while using this face. I do love the options that come with it and recommend it to anyone. If there was a way to make it a little lighter as far as functionality I would re-write this and give it 5 stars 10 times over.
Liking this watch face on my moto 360 2015 (marshmallow).  Is it possible to have the option of battery status on ambient mode ?  I'm thinking the text version rather than dial.  Easily 5 star from me after that.
Many ways to customize this face. No apparent battery drain. So far I am loving it
What can I say about this guy, well he makes art that speaks to me, I just recently discovered the PHLASH and this man is a true artist and make some of the most beautiful watchfaces out there and that's WORD.) I'm sure that the angels in heaven weep with every new release, so thanks for that man, my wrist has never looked better.)
The Design is nice, the 1st watch face I bought. However I wish you can turn that digital clock into second time zone! That would be awesome!
Once again Tha Phlash delivers a zing time piece. Clean lines and actually looks like metal. Keep up the good work homie.
This dude makes the best looking watch faces around!  Purchased three from this dev already.  You won't be disappointed!
Just a few suggestions: I too vote for some color presets, and something needs to fill the bottom half of the screen.  Maybe a bigger weather display, or put the weather where the battery is currently and use the bottom for dual phone/watch battery meters.  Also it would be greatly appreciated if I could choose a different time zone for the digital clock.
Awesome watch face.  Any chance to included some preset designs like your pictures show?
Remarkable, just freaking Remarkable.
Awesome as always
Faces are a dime a dozen out there. The differentiator has instead become what developer will be responsive when issues arise. This dude is always responsive with questions and problems. Plus, his faces simply rock. Boom!
Hello, much respect for your work. It is possible please to add some presets like in the photos? Thank you !
This is my go to watch face for now. Only thing is I'd like to have is the option to get rid of the zero number on single digit hours because it overlaps on the weather graphic next to it. LG G watch square.
Looks amazing. and love being able to customize on the watch itself instead of needing to get my phone. simple and beautifull watch face. Great job
Beautiful design, lots of functionality. Looks amazing on my Moto 360.  Another smash hit from Tha Phlash!
Thanks! Awesome face.
yet another awesome watch face from the PHLASH.
I don't know how you do it, but you always top anything else on the Play Store and this is no different! This watch face actually looks realistic, advanced, and actually feels how a smartwatch face should! I've been constantly changing faces trying to find one that belongs on a smartwatch, yours were always the closest, but this one at long last is that perfect watch face! Absolutely REMARKABLE!
The color picker on the watch is better  than the wear app. I kind of like the space at the bottom so the transparent now cards doesn't  block the design on my LG G Watch.   Hurray! Dev was (as always) responsive to reasonable requests. 5 stars and is now truly remarkable 😀
Great options, colors! Awesome look!
awesome!!
Best watch faces on Google Play
Really cool watch face. I too would love to see a 24 hour option in the digital clock. Also, remove the digital seconds when in ambient mode. Apart from those 2 niggles, great face. The blank piece at the bottom for notifications is really well thought out.
I really like this watch face, I just have one question. Is there any way to change the temperature to celsius? I don't see any option to change that.
Lush face, sits above notifications nicely without hiding any of the info. Nice colour options too.
You gotta rock Phlash Tha lastest on Android Wear, me i do it with moto 360,and it is Remarkable!!!!!
Absolutely love it. Never Forget Vegas Man!
Perfectly named watch face. Tons of customization. Gotta love ThaPhlashs amazing design skills. True art
I have Samsung Gear Live, and Facer. I can't see it anywhere. Please help.
Really good looking watch face, bring on lg r
Umm I can't get in I only see unstall!!!!can u fix it its annoying
MM 😂 so much fun I could cry
Great watch face, but once I upgraded to Android Wear 2.0 on my Moto 360, I could no longer see it as a selection.
Won't run on my Moto G4  Play phone. 😞
Can't find it anywhere on y system, SUCKS.
Can't find anywhere on watch or phone
Beautiful
Let me check
I love how this looks with a suit!
Wonderfull
Don't know if it's just been updated? But it's stopped working on my Huawei watch!
Stop working! Keeps closing....
Works perfectly for my Moto 360 2nd generation.
Cannot see the watch face on OnePlus5 and Moto360 2nd Gen. Corrected to 3 stars because I found a way to install it. Once the purchase is done, open Appstore on your watch, go to purchased apps and install there. The sync didn't work. Difficult but works like a charm and looks awesome.
Not working at all for me. Stuck on the pink default. No settings are taking effect. Not from Android Wear app or long pressing the face on the watch. Using Huawei watch running 2.0. Been really excited to finally try it out, not sure why it's not working for me. Oh well. Refund it is.
It's great. Has all the info I want in a glance
Get premium
Excellent watch face love it
This is still my primary watch face! I love it!
Love the look of the face and its a perfect lcd (or led) watch replica. It would get 5 stars if I could have a different colour scheme for ambient (always on) and on. For example I like on mode to replicate pressing the light/indiglo button on a normal lcd watch.
I'm very happy with the clean and easy to read style of this watch face. It is VERY stable, does not seem to drain the battery, and gives me the information I want at-a-glance.
On this one watchface you get battery life, current temperature, day and date plus seconds.  It's a great look.
One of many great watch faces from Thema i've got...
I love this guy! I bought 3 of his faces so far, they're awesome. My favorite is the Driver. But they're all really beautiful, and well made. Smartly put together. Thanks
Looks good but steps still don't update consistently. Sent an email but no reply.
Nice watch face plenty of customisation and works well on my moto 360 :)
Good, clear functional watch face.
Excellent face easy to customize
Like it
God bless
Really great
This is my second Thema watchface. My first one is the Runners watch face. I switch between this one and the Runners watchface. I am using the latest Huawei watch. I use the  watch face to show the watch battery, digital time in 12 hour mode, the date and day, the step count and the weather. I have the watch set up pretty much the way its shown on this page. I set the circles so if I click on the step count circle it will auto pull up google fit on my watch and show me the exact step count. If I click on the weather circle it goes to google weather perfectly. I do not use google fit on my phone since its already on my watch and this watchface connects to it nicely. There is a delay on presenting the exact step count on the circle, but no problem I can click the circle and get the exact step count. Very Nice!
I've always wore digital watches, and this one is the best one I've found. I emailed the Dev with a question and he answered me almost immediately...that was awesome!
Thema faces are the best. Look good and work!
Stuff
..please add more colour options,  also the 2 info pane rings don't look good on a square face. I can tell this wasn't designed for square faces, clearly the Dev made this for a round face and just made everything square as an afterthought. However I love these digital style retro watch faces, I like the interactive options.. I just think it could look nicer. There is also a military digital wear face similar to this. I think this one looks better but has less colour options.
I can't keep the women off me trying to get a better look at my watch! Only problem is I'm married.
Looks nice with good options and settings on phone works fast and smooth. Awesome work!
Very cool on the LG Urbane!
Would love interactivity on this face, 5 stars then. Love faces from this developer!**interactivity update, this face is awesome!
The watch face is ok but seems like the screen on duration modifier does not work, i am using moto 360 watch with an Lg Optimus G Pro running 4.4.2
I like this watch face just move watch battery percentage to be an option on widgets. Instead of right there next to time. It will make it look cleaner. You can even move seconds up and add a 3rd if desired.
Great watch face, very practical and quick to read. However, I do wish there was a dimming option for ambient mode because it is a bit too bright at night.
It's perfect! Simple, easy and love the color combos.
Sweet face. Looks great, lots of features.
Best watch face out there!
Nice.  Not too spartan, but not as busy as some.  Will  be my go to.  I like some other them a faces too, but this is my favorite.
Has potential but for a dollar could be better needs more detail games go for a dollar and have great detail.
Won't appear on my watch or on s6. Resynching all apps from android  wear did not help.  Okay, it finally appeared on my watch a day after. Other watch face I bought, their app appears almost immediately on the Android wear app "faces" option. There I can easily configure the colors, et. al from my phone. Please fix it and I will give it a 5 stars.
After 12hr option, will change to 5 stars. Well done!
I really like the Simple/Incremental stock Android Wear watch face for it's simplicity and good battery use, this one brings me the same "simple clean" feel while looking much better and being animated, the gifs used here are really beautiful and the watch face is battery Friendly. My one request is bringing a nicer font for the time :)
No way to switch from 24 hour time, no weather or anything user definable.. nice time lapse but that's about all it really does.
It's not flashy, and I like that. With this on the Moto 360 v2, new friends could go months before noticing that I am wearing a smartwatch. That's the way I like it.
Its special like it
Super!!!
Love it!😃
Only complaint is that it doesn't display the current weather for my location. It's set to Burbank CA and I three is no way to change it.
This is not showing up in Android Ware and I can't find search option in Android Ware. I have also purchased an premium face but unable to use it on my moto360 2nd gen. Is something changed or am I missing something?
awesome watch faces.works really well on my sony smartwatch
Absolutely amazing watch faces.  So many free faces to choose from and lots of them you can choose any color you want.  Cool
Really nice watch faces
Excellent  good  job
watch faces are great, but app is difficult to use and the instructional video instructions are awful
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Garbage
Nothing included looks good on sw3. Also their idea of interaction is tapping the face to toggle through three different background colors. Not as functional as others. Check out huskydevs faces.
GORGEOUS app! After a bit of a wait (it really does take a while for the app to load and sync to your watch, but it's WORTH IT), I couldn't be more happy with the look and ability to customize the already beautiful watch faces - great job. GET THIS APP!
it says it supports Polar M600, but once installed it doesn't... Very bad advertisement
Suits perfectly with square watches such as Sony sw 3, love de digital watchfaces
Doesn't work with Android Wear 2.0. trying to change watchfaces using the app does nothing. Purchased watchfaces don't show as being purchased.
I have been trying to get it to work on my samsung gear 2 watch but it wont load.
It's gooded
Dux vg
Excellent app
Love it!! what more can i say!
All great watch faces, even the free ones r brilliant. 6 star if I could
huawei watch and Galaxy s5, I can only change the colour, not the face
Pla fix
Sometimes it works sometimes it don't.   Update: works good now.
Good selection of free faces
Good working
Crap
Just like every other watch face app 4-5 free ugly watch faces
Love it such a great selection thanks so much. Recommended.
when I shut down or restart my watch , LG W110 . For example , 12/24 hr , color , and so on . I have Nougat with Nexus 6 .
Very nice.I like free like faces.great selection
It's grate
Even in 12 hour mode, WHY doesn't it remove the extra zero?!
Working very well on the LG urbane..a nice varied selection for all occasions. New ones look great too thanks 👍
I like the free face looks. However I would enjoy it better if all them could be selected for my moto 360 sport
There are a good selection of free watch faces to choose from and some of the premium faces look very neat, just need to decide which to choose. The only bugbear is that the date formats do not change from mm/dd to dd/mm even when I  have changed it in settings which is a bit frustrating.
I'm done with apps like watchmaker that give you tons......of junk.  These are less but the quality is that of a real luxury watch.  I'm proud to wear these to formal events.  Battery life in changed.  Excellent job guys.
I find the are a number of selection, but once selecting a face, then using the settings, trying to save is an issue. Color chart is cool, but if the face could be seen while doing it, it would be better
If you have a gear live and you are having issues switching faces, you need to get your software updated to 5.1.1. I was having an issue where it would not allow me to change my face beyond the default face. I finally found out that there are many faces that are not compatible with older android versions! I had to use recovery from XDA development and push the latest firmware because for some reason the watch wouldn't update past 5.0.1. So many issues repaired!
But it's hammering my battery, using more than the screen!
Great selection of faces, probably the best of the many sets I've tried. Easy to set and install each face. Works very well on the Huawei watch and they do look impressive.
Cute watch face. Will give 5 stars if there is an option to change to 12hr time
I love the use of colour and ever-changing design. It also has everything I need on both the sleeping and active faces (date and time). I've tried so many watch faces but always come back to this one. Using on my Huawei watch
Such a fun watch face.  Instead of trying to cram every bit of info into a watch face, this creates art on your wrist.  I love that it's moving and constantly changing.  I also haven't noticed any battery hit using this watch face.  Bravo Devs!
I really like this face, but the default speed was really distracting after a while. A slow/medium/fast setting or a slider would win me back for sure.
I only wish the colours could be limited to a specific range or contrast for example, and that while I appreciate the face responds to external speed and light, if the face can be locked at a set speed and draw all over the face regardless of movement as mine can tend to dwindle in the bottom of the watch face and doesn't really seem to respond to my movements at all when drawing the design on.
It killed my bateries in less then 4 hours
This is an amazing watch face. My favorite that I use all the time. The live wallpaper style on a smart watch is very cool and the way the designs change, based on the angle of the watch is beyond other watch faces I've seen. This one is worth the download!
Nice colors but the changing was just OK. And the font could be a bit sharper. But hey, its free and colorful!
Runs fine for a while on my Asus ZenWatch 2, but then becomes power hungry and makes my watch run extremely slow.
Works like it says , great we need more like this
Looks like Google made it. Nexus like.  Update: Damn. It's not updated and no longer compatible with the formerly compatible Moto 360s.  Probably Google's fault but nonetheless.
how can i use it?i installed it but dnt know hot it works?
I love the colours and the animation of this face. Very eye catching.
With the latest update, I can finally have this face on my LG Watch Urbane. The Geometric patterns are so unique.
But power consumption as is with all motion based watch faces, is a little heavier than a basic or fixed face
I love this app!
Drains the battery so fast
But it's a battery killer
It's beautiful!
Great works amazing and looks it too.
I love it. Best watch face I've come across.
Totally love this bright watch face.the watch stands out
Crazy awesome watch face
How to use it
Really cool angle look. Love it.
Everyone loves it!
Simply Elegant
Nice
Great on Moto360! Excellent, got a tiny bit of lag sometimes, but pretty great overall.
Design is really cool and Androis-like. It just really needs the date under the the time. I could also request things like step counter, etc, but this face deserves to be kept simple and beautiful. But it NEEDS the date. Please!
At first it didnt pop up but i waited and it was there and its awesome! I cant stop staring at it
Such as date, calendar, weather
This is really awesome, but you need the option to put the date please. Date is a must for me...
Doesn't show up in Android Wear or on the watch. Sony smartwatch 3
Great design but would also like a date option that displays below the time
This should be downloaded on every watch
Great watch face, but missing the date
It's great but no date,
:) thanks
Wonderful
This is a watch face, unless it specifically can display my pictures (etc) there's no reason you need access to my files or identity. Shame, looks like it would have been a great watch face.
Awesome! How do you go into night mode? (green neon numbers). I've only seen it change when setting my watch on the charger. I don't know of there's a setting or something I'm missing..
Every few hours, the screen goes blank and I have to restart the watch for it to show the face. I've tried resending it from the phone app, but it is still a black screen until restart. Also sometimes it changes to a plan Moto watch face and I have to change it back. Also, when it goes to dim, part of the hands and middle aren't visible. How can I resolve all of the above?
Nice face but date is wrong; today is Sept 18th and it shows 1 18.
A great piece of art and a watch face maker that does it right with great ambient faces as well- thank you
Does not show up in my watch faces. Shame it looked good.
Does not show up in my watch list so I can't use it had to uninstall
It would be nice if it showed up in my Android wear,its a waste of my time because I can't use it,its just taking up memory..
Free  but you have to pay...waste of time
Why dont work in moto 360 2nd?
Great watch face, thank you
Using note 3 lollipop.  Watch face does not show on android wear or connect. How install on the watch.  Any help?
Great watch face by a great watch face maker (with a sense of humor).
Not showing in my Android wear for my Huawei watch
Had my doubts. Was searching. Love it
After downloading not showing
Great watch face and great watch face designer!
It make me every day new watch.
Awesome watch and ambient/dimmed mode.
Its nice
God
अच्छी
Good
Loved it
Too bad you need to install a paid app to get this one to function. Clever way to make a sale
I wish it did.
One problem, battery level still has not been working since first install
Looks realistic, which is a big plus. However, can't choose what's shown on the inner dials. (Also, phone power dial constantly at 0, LG watch R paired with Nexus 6, M)
My LG G Watch R ambient mode is a little to bright and washes out pretty much any watch face but yours still looks pretty nice!
Hope this gets a read by the developer, looked great on my LG G watch R, however now I have the LG Urbane in silver and it doesn't look quite right. Add the option for silver hands and numbers then it is perfect!
But 6 is cut off on Moto 360. On the 360, it would look better if the 6 just wasn't there.
I really like the face. Looks like on my LG Watch R. Please fix the setting so it accessible via the android wear app instead of having the setting in the apps list.
I can't see the watch in the wear app so can't get it on my watch
My favorite watch face by far. Lg watch urbane. Works flawlessly and uses very little battery. Love that I can choose my ambient mode. Thanks 😊
Lovely watchface but the 6 being cut off doesn't look nice... Please fix it! Using the MOTO360 btw.
Really suits the Urbane
this watch face literally killing my watches battery life entirely
To win this game you have to hit the blue circle into the red circle which then has to hit another red, in which case it turns into a purple then if you score through the goals followed by it striking another purple it then turns into a frozen turkey which when loaded into the frozen turkey cannon then can be shot into adolf hitlers anus. Then you win. Horrah!!
I tried to download but neither the app has the face nor the EXTERNAL link has it!
Recommended for real Madrid fans. Full of class like the club
Simple and classy
best one on the store
Can only flick between three watch faces, and changing any of the settings causes the app to crash. Shame too, as two of the watch faces appear to be excellent..
Nice stuff. Used it for st Patrick's day
Love it
I like your watch very much, but it would be much more better if you add some of the following: add option to change the background color and the font color, add weather and battery level, und vielen dank im voraus 😁
Nice face. Works very well, easily customable.
Some quality work here.
Beautiful Material design. Will be buying pro soon. Mabey add slight customization options on the wearable.
Nice and simple.... With a touch of colour... Good job!!
I want to select my own color scheme. Cool concept.
Nice looking watch. Really liked the design. Installed but could never access any settings. Every time I opened the application, it crashed. Battery percentage inaccurate. Battery at 94%, watch showed 50%
No option... 1 star!!!
It would get five stars if the 'Moomin' words wouldn't block some of the important parts of the images (it completely blocks Moomin Papa on one of them). It would also be nice to be able to pick a less 'wacky' typeface and to turn off the seconds circle.
What's up with ask these new watch faces that sunny give you the option of displaying 12-hour mode? I don't want to get stuck doing math when I want to quickly know the time! No thanks! Uninstalled.
Like to change my watch face every few days and this is really making me smile.  Thanks designers.
Will revise review when watch face has a 12 hour option.
really unique and lovely
Innovative and entertaining.
Don't trust this after seeing loads of paid for ratings with 5 stars and no comments ... un installing now
Make a BrAun watch that looks like crap. Yea gteat
People think you got an old fashioned watch until you touch the screen
A clean, simple, and realistic LCD face. For what it is, it's pretty much perfect.
I like kiwi and it works. Not for my typical use but it does everything it is supposed to so it deserves 5 stars. Also, just a suggestion for an update in the future, maybe a few different minute/hour/second hand options to choose from
Why can't I find this app on my LG watch urbane 1st Gen on Android Wear 2.0?   Update : ok no prob now, i was just stupid
I really liked this on my LG G Watch. Too bad it's not compatible with the LG Watch  Style.
I really like it, would be nice to be able to chance the top color part with something at your won choice and weather to be updated without phone needing to be paired. But otherwise it;s nice.
Refuses to apply changes unless GPS is enabled
I love this watchface, but there is a bug with the weather when it comes out of ambient mode, the temperature jumps to billions of degrees. One thing I would love is if the battery could reflect my phone's battery and not my watch's battery, I don't care what my watch is at. That one change and I'll give 5 stars, thanks!
I like the design, the simplicity and yet the amount of information it displays. But, I've seen a bug on multiple occasions where the ambient display is stuck with seconds, battery and date info displayed. It does resolve in time, but it is strange.
Love it, looks good.  Did have a hiccup with the weather being stuck and never updating. But reinstalled it and working again :)  EDIT: Well it didnt last long, been stuck at the same temp all day again :( Sigh
Just please take the app out of my app drawer and let me access it through the android wear app like every other watch face I own... I'd even pay for that.
From the looks of the watch I imeadiatly thought that it would be a great addition to my collection but once I downloaded it I couldn't access the settings every time I opened it it would fail I expected better from what looked like such a well polished looking app
Thid app is great, but I would love to be able to change the watch face, and let the weather update without using gps, but by using networks. The app requires gps to work, and it would be great if there was an option to use networks instead
I love the look of the watch. However, the temperature changes from 60F to 140F every time the screen dims. Not sure what's going on.
Dev added 12 hour and Fahrenheit option! On asus zenwatch 2, seconds are too close to right edge of screen.
Crashes when I boot up
Love this design. Would love a dark theme and step counter too. Would also be nice if the designer followed the guidelines and put the settings in the wear app instead of having its own app.
That's all I keep getting every time I try to set this as my watch face. Very disappointing. Deleted.
Crashes too much..
great watchface but the temperature is always wrong currently showing 11 c when other apps show correct temp of 5c
Love this watch face, it's very clean I just wish we could have the phone battery indicator on screen as well.
Would be a 5 star if the bottom font was @ 1-2 px bigger, kind of hard to read at the current size for older eyes :)
Every menu option gives an error
Looks great! Just installed and I love it. It would be great to show my phone's battery percentage as well as the watch's battery.
Worked great for a week then kept crashing.
Great face, however I'd like to be able to customize the dimmed face (remove the horizontal lines).
Love it, needs more options to add to the screen. Like calendar and stuff needs to be interactive. Needs more colour variations.
Simple, elegant, beautiful, informative and very low battery and processor drain.
Temperature doesn't update
Favorite watch face so far
Works really good on the Sony SW3
Nice
material watch face has stop  android 5.1.1
As title. No options for 12-hour mode or Fahrenheit for us U.S. users, I know, we aren't the world. But it's still customary to provide all common temp and time forms..... But it does LOOK great!
But unfortunately there's no option to change the colour, so the face just displays a day time theme. Also the weather never changes? I have a cloud at 23!
Unable to use as watch face constantly crashes when either trying to set it or access its settings.
No Fahrenheit, battery is poor using this watch face. No personalization settings at all. Uninstalling
The settings aren't available from the Android Wear app like they're supposed to be (they're also not available on the watch). Also you're not supposed to clutter up my app drawer with an icon.
Looks good. Standard settings work for me. Weather changes too.
5 stars if dev adds a 12 hour clock mode. Otherwise, this is perfect.
From a 100% charge, this watch face took my watch down to 97% in less than a minute of being on.
Has no option for Fahrenheit or regular time. Only Celsius and military time. Can't even change locations.
TBH, this is my favorite watch face, but I had to delete because of the missing 12 hours and Fahrenheit options
Installed it but where is it ? No app, no widget, no option to open from install screen, nothing. Not very good... uninstalled as pointless. Note3.
Looks great. Does it support ticwatch?
It's nice app and I loved it instantly
I think I had it on 12 hr at one point but now it's definitely on 24hr again. So am I crazy or is there a way to switch it that I unconsciously discovered? Anyway, I can't do it again if there is. I have emailed about this and gotten no response. Ugh.
Would like better if 12 hour was selectable
I see peps going on about it draining your battery on your watch. I installed it to my G watch via the android wear app a over 90mins ago, with batt saver switched on even after numerous facebook twitter email & texts alerts received its used 1% off battery life!!! On top of that it looks cool 😊
Looks nice but drained my smartwatch 3 battery in less than an hour.  This renders it useless for day to day use.
I cant open it very bad
Would like option to not display the bezel, since my Tag has one on the outside
Amazing but can't open it, so no comments until I use it
It would have been great if there was a weather widget.
Its got everything, easy to read and free.
I love this face...I'm glad I found it again.
Its better
Fantastic

Ok
Mechanic
Good looks
Perfect faces
Nice one
Is good
nice
Second hand colour does not change though on my tag connect.. but still looks good. 😊 edited. . It has changed now.. so wait for it to up date.. 😊
Really like the face. Anyone know how to change the colors? I have a Nixon mission with a black and blue band and looking to add blue to the face
Really great app,need more of this
Best one yet...
So beautiful
Great app
Beutiful
Not visible - useless
Not visible in Android wear
Not a good
Happy
Great looks
It is too much i like it
Why is the font different from the screenshot? I like the smooth font better.
Doesn't seem to work on moto 360 2 gen
Look nice I want to try it
Awesome yeeeer
Kkkkkkkk
Chintu Sah
Sydfif
Imran Ismail

Pro unlock didn't do anything for me either.
I paid the Pro fee, installed app, but didn't see app transfer to my Gear or watchface category. Please help. Even uninstalled app and tried again. Nothing negative about your app, just need a little bit assistance. Will support anyone with a clever idea such as this...thanks for any help.
Eat well by the end of the month. You forced my hand here to pay. It's so freaking cool. Thank you.
You want it, you just do....
If you could add the ability to add/remove/edit the custom insults, that would be sooooo nice. That being said, this is still wonderful and I'd pay more if I could.
OK, after loading the free version, I had to spring for the Pro version. I still love the concept: a watch face with attitude.   I'd give it five stars if there were a way to tone down the language a bit. I have to be careful who I show this to!
My fav face to show off
It really like this watchface on my Sony SW3, but after recent updates it stops much of the time and will not run, leaving my watch with nothing but the simple blue sky face. Please fix this...
Please add an option to disable the gyroscopic effect. I love the design of this watch but the effect is just dizzying.
Like this even more than Dots, but an option for a 12 hour clock would be great.
Awesome watch face, but I wish there was an option to disable the 3d gyro effects.
Works great
One of my favorite watch faces, it's straight to the point, no added bells and whistles that will drain your battery, 5 stars! I'd only add optional color schemes and it'd be 6 stars. What I like the most is that this watch face got design done right, not like other generic ones, this looks a real fashionable time piece.
Looks Nice do not need the battery gauges though
Screen flickers. Useless unless fixed.
The screen flickers and is covered in "noise". Can't see the time until the watch goes dim. Waste of time downloading.
Doesn't work. Don't bother
NOT WORKING
Where is it hiding? I know Anon is supposed to be "anonymous", but hiding the watch face is a lil ridiculous. Seriously!
Can't see!
Very very nice
But couldn't find it... :(
Not free. Have to install "face for wear" which is not free and crashes constantly.
I love this app I think it is awesome!

Joyel
Very nice
Luv it
Great simple watch face! *Suggestion change colors like the square version of this watch face and be able to change the center to other things like temperature, or steps*
Dude one of the best ambient display screens I ever use, please add the features to remove battery indicator and be able to change tickness of the Numbers
Excellent abstract design. I like it very much on my moto360 1st Gen. Thank you
Looks great. I wish it would have colors options
Original Design.
It installs on my phone just fine but I can't find it within my watch's Wear 2.0 Play Store and it doesn't show up as an on-watch notification to install it on my ZenWatch 3. This app apparently hasn't been updated to be compatible with Wear 2.0.
Its off it doesn't sit right in the watch half on half off
Like the Gold -Black contrast.. The hands look good too.. Definitely recommend
Not bad but please insert date & month.
Great, looks so cool
Best watch face i loved it
Nice
This is a better watch face in similar series. Please improve with some more features.  1. Option to make the seconds mark to either tick or sweep 2. Remove "ZERO" comes in the middle. For ex. 10:05 shows as TEN ZERO FIVE. At least make this in settings so that people still need to see ZERO can enable in settings. 3. There was no black background in the available backgrounds. When I take a photo of a dark / black color, it throws an error. So I had to go for black with some other color combination. Please fix this.  Thank you.
How about paid version? Love, love, love app but MULTIPLE LONGGGG VIDEO ads in between trying out various colors in one use = SUPER annoying, time consuming & loud. ZERO interest in COERCION to watch vids or add apps. Esp when changing watch faces in quiet setting. Plz consider! SGNote5 on VZW
Awesome app. I love gradient backgrounds and now I can easily change it daily and have it match my clothes.  It would be nice if there was a bit more customization though. A digital clock option would be awesome because if you have a watch notification, the third line of the time is cut off. Other than that I think the app is great!
Could you add the option to change the seconds circle to black when the text colour is changed to black? Thank you. Crashes every time I take a picture for a background colour.
Love this app but the adverts are so annoying. I don't want to watch a 5 min video about something I don't care for when all I want to do is change my watch screen. Very disappointing aspect to a really lovely app
seems broken after the latest update from android wear, tried uninstalling, reinstalling, factory reset the moto 360 and the app refuses to pick up the watch, i am thinking it needs an update
No matter what the face doesn't show up in the android wear app and so can't be set on the watch.
I like the presentation of color coordination based on one's outfit. However, I'd like to see an option for a colorwheel, or rather, custom color values, so that there's no need to launch the camera just to get a color.
Cards cover up the watch face, why not make them smaller?
Any chance of supporting complications? Love the simplicity of the watch face.
Could use some more options like a battery indicator, but definitely the best text watch face available.
Lovely watch face but could really do with a smaller notification cards options as they ruin the watch face
Doesn't set on Asus zen watch 3
Just bought lg urbane 2nd edition works great
Its awesome watch face Hats off for yu...... 👍
I love it ! Great Job !
I love the color choices (and customization options). It's such a clean, classy face that really looks great!
Need a watch face to match your outfit?  Look no further.  Snap a picture of top, pants, etc. and customize your gradient watchface for a "Just for You" look.  Love, love, love this!!
Excellent, works great on my LG G Watch R and the customization options are wonderful.
LOVE the customization options for the Glow watch face. You even have the ability to take a picture of a color you like and customize your watch face from there. Classy, simple yet elegant. Love it!!  Kudos to the designer!!
This watch face has everything you need, full customization and a clean and minimal look!
Love the camera integration! 😀
Love it.
Add Muzei support
Awesome app for personalization
Looks great with your different outfits!
Junk. Login failed, registration failed. 1000+ downloads?? I'm calling "bullshit!"
No longer available.  This app is 2 years old and needs to be removed by Google.
don't bother. servers are gone. developer's website for sale.
2stars
If I could give this watch face negative stars i would .. the picture shows 24 hour display .. I paid for this .. no 24 hour !!!!! What a rip off
Really liked the retro look but a watch battery meter icon would be useful.
Love the application but needs a couple more options, e.g. green mode, maybe weather etc
Where did the 24hr display go? Not very good or cool without it.
Help?
Liked the app, but after updates using way to much battery life on phone even when not on watch. It even restarted itself when I forced stopped it to control phone battery drain. I will not use any app that uses battery life while not in use. I am uninstalling this watch face until they can get the useless battery drain solved. I use more than one watch face that I change every so often. It's the one of the great things about this watch.
Needs; 1. International Timezone Widget 2. Battery Power Widget 3. Missed calls/Unread SMS/Google Steps Widget. Most elegant watchface in the playstore. I look forward to supporting further. Update: red line IS battery indicator. Nice!
Loved this on my first gen moto but after updates mentioned by others and now using on moto 2nd gen the parallax watchface no longer works only the time and battery indicator shows up.
Was good, but for the last few Android Wear updates, the parallax effect doesn't work on 1st gen Moto 360. Would love a fix. Works until the watch goes to sleep, then freezes.
Set this watch face with the weather extension over 6 months ago and never felt the need to change it. Had some minor issues with the weather addon but those were fixed fast.
This is almost perfect. I love having weather on my watch face with a digital clock and the date. The effects are quite unique and cool. I wish I could get rid of the red line in ambient mode, and I wish the weather would show in ambient mode as well. These two additions or options controlling these features would be great. Thanks for the awesome face. Overall I think it could be more feature rich.
I like the effect of this watch face but while active,  screwed up charging my Moto 360.  Once I switched to another face, issue resolved.
You guys are so creative! Amazing design! Finally found one that is simple with all the necessary feature I wanted like the date, battery life and Time. The time is also big enough to be seen. And the sleep mode looks great as well. Don't actually have to wake your watch. It is pleasant to look at even at sleep mode.
No i dont want to download your other app
I have a moto 360.2, that always had around 50-55% battery at the end of the day.  With this watch face running (with the weather widget) it's dead before I can even get home. Beware, fierce battery killer.
Looks good on square or round watch. My only complaint is the weather location is sometimes not correct.
Notifications do not show unless I touch the watch face.  Is this a bug or by design?  Other than that it is a very nice watch face.
Thank you for the response. I appreciate you clearing up the misunderstanding. The parallax effect is unique, and quite stunning.
This watch app on the 360 doesn't even work. After installing it won't charge. It stays at low percent and the watch gets hot. Major Fail!!!
Pretty watch face, but no mention that that the weather add-on is extra purchase.
this watch face prevented my watch from fully charging and when I wore it the battery drained in 3 hours!
Is there an option to set your own pic as background?
Ugly looking and displays no weather info
Cannot recommend. For this reason. The IAP is in the settings. I noticed it. Don't bother me.
The app won't allow me to turn off the parallax and I hate that it's there.
Pretty good but not that great without buying the weather widget.
Looks really nice but the battery percentage disappears immediately after the display comes on.
Beautiful design
Drains the battery too fast.
The effects are awesome and it follows pretty well with the accelerometers
looks really nice on LG R watch the effect is cool
Outstanding!!! Nothing more to add.
Nice! Make more add-ons
Thanks
Works good

The widget, nobody wants to install it. So it shouldn't be harassing my battery life by constantly lighting my watch up about it. There's no setting to silence it. Battery life gets DEVOURED with this installed. "Looks nice", but battery drain is a serious issue here.
This is actually a beautiful watch face. My only complaint is that I have received on the order of a dozen notifications that the face can "also utilize new widgets", which are apparently limited to a weather display, and for which an additional fee is required. I have responded to the notification each time, but it continues to pop up, and will apparently not be satisfied with "no thanks". In fact the widget purchase screen has only one option - "install". This likely to be uninstalled.
I used to like this watch face but every time I turn the phone back on a notification pops up saying it supports some kind of weather widget that needs to be installed. The trick is the widget is not free but you only find that out once you you click "Install" from the widget invite screen. I'm uninstalling the base app to not have to deal with this nagware anymore.
Doesn't even work. Recurring notification to buy new feature is annoying and possibly against Play Store rules. Reported
All problems fixed 5/5 app!! Also thanks for the free app!
Looks fine, annoyed by popups
Hi Drew.  Text me when you see this.
Nice look. Widget is work in progress.  Perhaps a widget of call logs?
Rubbish - Uninstalled
I upgraded my phone to the S8 Active and I can no longer change my watch face. Is there a fix? I used to have an LG phone but ditched them after 20 years.
It should not need a rocket scientist for such a simple task
Bought App. Selecting photo in the app on phone does not transfer to my wear 2 watch fossil Q wander. I get just 3 options on watch face nature, animal and random. I can't send photo from my gallery. Will refund the money if it doesn't work
I had the free version and liked it so much that I decided upgrade. Photo watch 2 allows you to add interactive tiles so you can access apps from the face. The real reason I like this app is that I feel it allows you to have information on the face without blocking all of your photo background. It's the best of both worlds, an attractive face with everything I need! Nice job!
I'm not able to choose my custom photo as watch face there's only 3 options either animal/nature/random 😑
Only has analog watch faces but shows analog and digital faces in Google Play. I'm disappointed because I don't want the analog watch hands over my photos.
I pick my picture and can track my steps with Google fit, even press on the steps icon and boom I'm in the app. Love this app! I had photo watch 1 and this is a great upgrade.
I can't get the watchface to show both digital and analog time like the old version. Really hope I didn't just waste my money...
Not bad, but I wish it would allow me to remove the default pictures.
Doesn't show the date on the Photo Digital watch face.
Never able to set a custom photo
Wont display images from my gallery  in portrait configuration even after changing it myself. It always displays sideways. Crashes alot.
This app is excellent battery issue has been fixed loving the complications. Thank you
Just installed photo watch 2, this app is really nice. Add your photos for the background. There are complications that you can add to the watch face and interact.You can send a message to the watch face and change size, font, color.   Looking forward to more features.
This app works great once you figure out how to install it on a AW 2.0 with Play Store installed watch. If you allowed Google apps to be duplicated on your watch when you installed AW 2.0, then you have to install it again through the watch Play Store app. It does not charge you money again, it just needs to link both accounts. Works better than the original.
Does not work! Won't even connect 2 phone nor does app show on watch
I think it will be a fantastic apps🤗🤗
Using iOS with an LG G Watch R on Android Wear 2.0 - lots of watch faces can be download directly from the watch now but not my favourite (this one!) sadly. Hoping for an update!
This one's a keeper....any chance of making the lines disappear and also lowering the brightness of the clock a touch when it's in ambient mode....?, cheers...
I really like this but no 12 hour option so no 5 Star till it happens. As it is useless for me.
Really would like to see a 12 hr format for 5 stars!
I would give it a 5 if in 12 hour format.
I love it, animation is awesome. Just wish I could switch it the 12 hour format
Looks like the 1st Star Wars and simple.
Can we have this in regular time besides just military time?
I loved it until I realized that the app didn't have a 12 hour setting option.
I would give this 5stars if it had 12 hour format
12 hour mode please
Why no 12 hour clock
I love it from the first second. I have this for over a month and is the only face watch that I use.
12 hour format missing
Simple but looks great. Any chance for a 12hr option?
Would get 5 stars for 12hr mode...
5 stars with 12 hour format
My kids' favorite. My New Hope is for a 12 hr format to have at hand solo.
Needs 12 hour mode.
Didn't show on my phone when I installed it#Don'tBuy
Nice
Should handle the case where watch app is installed before phone app on Wear 2.0. See standalone section of g.co/wearpreview
I'd give it 5 stars if there are plans to include step counter as an option. It's the only thing missing from  watch face!
doesn't work on Samsung  gear 2
The design is this one is killer. Little to complain about except the limited color options. A few more colors and this would be ideal. Makes it into my rotation often.
Elegant design which looks great on high end watches like the Huawei. It would be nice to have a two color design to make the screen stand our a little more but I still love it regardless
Looks great
However on Sony Smartwatch 3, the count of missed calls / SMS is wrong, and I can't deactivate the display.
Attractive face. Sadly it seems to crash every couple of days, to the point where the screen of my watch is black until I go to the Wear app to choose a new face. Moto 360.
Weather shows 0. Uninstslled app.
Very nice watch face. This is one to show off your smart watch when you want to demonstrate how nice it is.   *** one small bug, Fahrenheit temp mode shows Celsius.
Really cool face!  While it's very impressive you got a second hand in ambient mode, it doesn't move a lot of the time, would look nicer without it.  Other than that the ability to disable weather or that message notification would be cool.
On LG R screen time out manage able now :)
Watch hands needs changing doest suit the design
Godd job!
Not only does it make your watch look smaller on purpose, but it looks bad.  Do not waste you time!  Lol
Hard to read. Would've loved the option for flashing time then date on wake up instead.
Really like this but the only problem i have is there is no 12 hr clock and that for me renders it useless considering im bad at telling m time
Kawaii desu ne!
Really interesting and always a laugh to look at
Can't read it
Only 24 hour time, uninstalled.
Wouldlove a 12hr clock option...only a 24hr clock :( beautiful tho!
Pure fun! Love the happy colours & design. More please!
Nice features!
So fst do good
I like the idea, but it's just wayyy too visually noisy to be of any use. Also, I'm not a Japanese girl so that gets in the way.
I can't see the icon on my screen after I have downloaded it and maybe waited a day. It's sad I don't even see the open option after the installment
Mango Round face.
Installed on Samsung Gear Live, I'm able to customize colors, however any of the options on the watch face only activate the OK Google option.. I tried settings different options but none work.. Am I doing something wrong? Do I need to somehow disable the OK Google option for the options in the center of the watch face to work?
Love this watch face, my only gripe is that I wish the colour of the watchface itself (not just the hands, numbers and digital display background) could be changed from the dark brown it comes with.
The watch face was always crashing. Couldn't even finish configuring or it crashed. And now I'm not even able to run it from scratch anymore
Stability seems to be big problem. I downloaded it for my Sony Smartwatch 3. It constantly lags and stops running. Ultimately it will restart the watch. The faces are really nice, but with the stability issues I will uninstall it. Good effort overall.
Considering I Paid money for this, I  feel that it's flaky and unstable nature has a lot to be desired. I have better free watch faces. Very dissapointed. Using on a LG Urbane.
Used with LG urbane crashed constantly, not sure why never had a watch app do this before.  Need updating badly.
The design is nice but the app failed to work properly on the Huawei watch, keeps crashing.... disappointed....c'mon guys fix it up....this face has potential!
Never actually got to use the watch face as it just kept crashing.
It looks nice when its not crashing pluse its a battery hungry watch
Keeps crashing on my Huawei
Mini launcher, panic button a lot of features. A must have
On a Moto 360 2nd Gen liked it but stopped working.
Found out why it didn't work so good  so I downloaded another app that goes with the watch and it works great I love it
Are you guys going to fix it?
The app force closes on the watch and leaves me with a blank display. The watch face is nearly unusable. Fantastic watch face though otherwise.
If it would stay working. Huawei watch keeps throwing an error mini wear has stopped woking.
Fix doesn't work properly.
"Watch face has stopped" message appearing. Can't seem to get the watch face to work. Only way is to uninstall and reinstall app. This means I can't change any settings otherwise the message will appear again.
Brilliant. Been using Mini Launcher for months and only just found this. Now I've got on-screen buttons for Agenda, Weather & Stopwatch!  A better selection of watch hands would be my only suggestion for this excellent app.
I installed this for the first time and right away it crashes on my moto 360. Uninstall right away
Piece of junk does not at all.please remove this junk from play store
Great look on the watch but it keeps crashing. Easily one it my favorites but I can't use it.
Keeps crashing ever time I try to customize.
Crashes alot, and its ambient mode isn't that great
Wanted a watch face that was free and had a couple of interactive features, exactly what this. Fantastic.
Forcecloses
Crashes
Crashes
Crashes
After reinstalling the watch face, all features are working properly on my Moto 360 and Nexus 5.
Very useful, and what I was hoping for when interactive faces were announced. Would love option to disable digital clock though. Why do so many wear faces have analog and digital by default? I only need one or the other to tell the time. Thanks for a great watchface that uses mini launcher and so many other app opening options!
Would be five stars if the face made better use of square screens (Sony SW3)
I was very surprised by this watch face. I am using it currently. Does just about all that I want but I wish it was better suited to square screens.
Watch face is super customizable and I love all of the app made by this developer. Good job!
But would love square watch support
I had to uninstall because it kept crashing. You can however install the launcher app and get the watchfaces from there and use them without any trouble. Sadly you can't configure them like you can with this app, but it just doesn't work when it crashes all the time. Huawei Watch 0750 Android Wear 1.5.2954763  Android 6.0.1
Where is the sweep second hand and with all the options in the watch face settings why is there  no option for having larger analog numbers as well as the option to remove the outer grey round ring which would make a lot more room for longer watch hands as well as having bigger 1 to 12 o'clock numbers with the abiliity to change the sizes of the analog clock''s numeric 1 to 12 numbers all of which would really make a big improvement to the cosmetic appearance of the watch as well as making room for at least two additional options for the watch battery percentage and the weather without losing the ability for quick launch of the mini launcher and the right hand side option for an additional quick launch app.  Thanks!
Keeps crashing on my watch, can't use, would like to see how it does but crashes after 5 seconds then just black screen
Used on a zenwatch 2 and a galaxy s7 edge, constantly crashed and couldn't even use the face
Watch face has stopped message came up over and over. Uninstalled.
Yeah, I downloaded this app from the Google's Play/Apps store thinking this be nice to use while I'm Crafting for Skill-Up's on my FFXI game from the Leviathans Server but after installed on my Android Turbo 2 phone it Just simply will not open up\doesn't have an open app feature but just shows an uninstall feature & Will not be functional on my smartphone's. Wonderful!!! I guess, sadly (-,-:; uninstalling..
Thanks Tony for converting this into a watch face. :)  Works as it should and has managed to keep up the with the vanadiel time after the past couple of years.  For those who are complaining it doesn't work on their phones lemme remind you... it's round, it's watch-shaped, it says it's a watch face, therefore it goes on a watch.
Don't know why people are trying to use this solely on a phone when the title clearly says it's a watch face. It is, however, a good and simple reminder of the crafting strengths and weaknesses, and a great clock/lunar phase display. Not too stressful on the watch battery either.
Very disapointed as I thought also. Too bad
Not working on samsung s5 and not enough faq to help solve the issue
Very choppy on my Asus Zenwatch 2. Would give 5 stars if it had date, steps, weather, battery, options the other FREE watch faces have it. I paid for this one and have nothing but the time......
Great idea. Lags on 360. I also paid for this, option to remove your logo please.
Animation is just too choppy
Moto 360, not sure if it will kill my battery.
Other than sporting a cube on your wrist this face doesn't really do much. I may have missed it but I don't see a point where I can change it to 12 hour format. I don't care to retrain my brain in order to read my watch.
I wear this watchface 2/3 of the time I wear my watch. My only gripe with this is that it's pretty bland. I want more animations, more colors, make it interactive. Anything that would make this more entertaining.
This is a simple and yet brilliant watchface. The ambient mode is clear enough to tell the time but the best feature has to be when you wake the screen up. You are greeted with an excellent Rubik's Cube solving animation that ends with presentation of the time. It's a great wee touch that adds nicely to something as simple as showing the time.
At first i couldnt get it to animate but if you turn ambient mode on it works ^^
On my moto 360
The new moto when it turns on, I had to wait for the rotation finish all the time to read time. If possible, can update the app?
For some reason it doesnt have the animation on my LG G watch but its still ok
Hi cud anybody tell how do I get this app onto my watch please
Don't know how to activate it.
Please add black background.  It will look awesome and I will give 5 star
Really cute but too much white space around the sides so the font is too small for me
But its never shuffling :(
Title says it all.
Spins and twists to date and time. Love it
Could you please make a dark version of this? Or a dark mode?
This face is so dope. Thanks
Please add  am and  pm  indicators
Very cool but what is the trigger for the cube solve animation?
T
This watchface is nicely designed, but would benefit from an option to set it to 12-hour rather than 24-hour time display.
Cool little watchface, nice design and animation
What can you expect from a watch face? It works, tells me the time, and gives me a small amount of enjoyment each time I look at my watch.
12 hr format
No option... 1 star!!!!
Delightful and fun
It's a cool watch face! It's annoying that people are rating it 1-3 stars because of that stupid excuse that it doesn't have 12 hour time. WHO CARES THAT IT DOESN'T HAVE THAT YET? BE THANKFUL THAT THEY ARE MAKING THIS! ITS NOT THE END OF THE WORLD!!!!!!!
Good watchface,but much ok if you add up a 12hr format and date.I think its possible since you guys are listening to us consumers.Still hoping.😁👌
It's great
Cool concept, but needs more options, like showing the day of the week. The red face on the left shows nothing when it could be used for something.
Time numbers are off on Moto360, and no way to tell how to trigger animations (so fat they only show up once, never again to be seen).  No location either, just time and date.
Appears to be only 24h time, but whatever, I don't have a hangup over it like other reviewers. However, my hang up is that there's an animation every time your watch wakes up, during which you cannot see the current time. This is actually pretty dumb: if you have a screen that dims, this means that you'll briefly see the time, then the watch will wake up because of your wrist motion, then suddenly the time goes away while this animation plays out.
I like the idea and the way the watch looks, but the alignment of both the time and the date is off on the Moto 360... It also needs and option to change between 24 hour and 12 hour.
I really like this watchface, but as others have said, it needs more options like 12hr clock. Also an option to remove the Rubiks branding at the bottom would be nice
Time placement is off on moto 360. Only military time?
Is there  a way to change it to a 12 hour clock instead of 24?
Only support 24h time
Day of week would be nice though
Quite a fun idea
Nice watch face on the LG watch R
Sad face
Overall, I like it.  There's only one thing I would really change about it.  I have no use for the "week" portion of the display, and it would be helpful if this face had a battery percentage of your phone displayed.  It would be perfect if I had the option to display phone battery percentage in the spot that "week" currently uses.  That would earn a 5 star from me.
My favorite!
The best one
Good looking watch face
Not bad. I like
Better lasting battery. Very nice. Well worth the buck. Thanks n keep up the good work. After a few months of  testing. Lowering the brightness to 50% within your home  adds significant battery life from a depressing battery drainer other wise. Where's the windup or automatic standard these days. Why still a battery on these types of watches
Switch phones and now I can't use this face. It won't appear on my phone or Android wear
Great app with a lot of options! Very pleased!
A very clean face, with all the inf ok that I would need to see at a glance.
Best face from this developer, battery life is exelent compared to other faces from this developer. Nice design, good customisation options. One star more if dev add option to chance "Rosenburg" name logo to "Moto360". Thats the name of this watch, right? :)
Perfect, has all the info I need, not too busy like some of the other faces.
I like how the programmer still invest their time in still supporting their products. I am happy that the watch face is efficient and flexible
Replace the year with the temperature and you have the best face ever
Sweet!
The watchface looks great but it really needs a color picker. That would give it the fifth start... Anyway, why not put it in the first place
Looks good, but needs the option to use small card previews, instead of the large ones which cover half the face.
Very smooth
There are no permissions so it doesn't kill the battery like their other ones, I love the customizations too
Great watch face for the moto360. Especially like the B&W draw feature especially being able to change the W to multiple other colors. Rockin the red. If I was to change anything I would change the battery % to the phone's battery % instead of the watch. I would also like to see a custom color chooser for the B&W mode.
Would love to see the battery level of the phone as well but this has been one if my favorites. Looks great on the low res display on the moto360
Color changing option is only available for black and white mode, otherwise this is the best
Awesome!
This has been my watch face for the last few weeks and I love it! Would be cool if you could offer other colors for the glow of the default face
Beautifully designed watch face. Easy to ready quickly, and easy on the 360's battery.
Getting better.  The only lag is the red letters come in a bit late, which is kind of weird. It will do for now.  Not cool when you want to show the watch face off though.
Need more options
This watch face is so awesome and would be a 5 star easily but unfortunately the glaring problem that so many others have noticed needs to be fixed. When you turn the watch up towards your face to see the time, the cool watch face does not display. Instead, a black and white version shows up for about 0.8 seconds. Then and only then does the cool watch face show up.  I want to show my associates what a cool device the Moto 360 is but after I show them they always say; "What's with the black and white image that shows up before the face comes up."  The developer asked another reviewer who complained about the same problem; "Thank you for your feedback. I'd like to improve. Let me confirm, how many seconds or longer is it stay at the dimmed mode? Thank you"  As if he or she was not aware of the issue. It is so glaring, Plus it is not dim, it is a bright as bright can be black and white "ghost" of the wonderful face.  I can't believe anyone could miss it. So I have to go back to another face so I can show off my Moto 360. I did not ask for a refund because the face is very cutting edge and I figured it would be fixed.
Battery life seems much better...   But the strange black and white mode needs to be optional or removed.
This is an awesome watchface! But there is one annoying thing. Every time I turn on the watch display, it shows the black and white dimmed mode before going full color.  I've tried restarting my watch and also re-selecting the watch face. Is there another setting I need to mess with?
I disable ambient screen on my moto 360. So it just goes dark after a few minutes. When it comes back on still show the watchface as white as ambient light was on and the 2 second after it goes to the regular watchface. It is kind of annoying. Can you fix it. Same issues with your other A watchface a bought. This does not happen on build in moto watchfaces.Thanks
Very nice watch face, but I wish the force draw menu had an option for always show full version. Every time my watch turns on, it first shows the black and white version for a second and then goes to full version. Very annoying,  costing a star in my opinion. Otherwise really great job.
I really like the interface, as well as being able to see the date as well as the power level of the watch.  I am having the same issue with the lag from the sleep mode to the watch showing the full interface.  I was able to make it less glaring by changing the wake filter to green, rather than the default black and white.  Hopefully the developers will update the app to remove the lag.
Mine is doing the same as the other ratings.  At first the face is white and black for a bit, then changes over to the fluorescent green.
I have also the problem of the white background when turning on the watch.(PLEASE FIX IT). For bellow one second it shows black and white screen than changes to default green. But that happened after i selected white and than gone back to default. Possibility to switch date and month for Europe residents.
Really love this face design. Techy, nerdy, and cool, but it drains my watch battery very quickly, much more than other watch faces. Seems like the black and white version stays on longer than others when the watch dims.
Awesome faces but like others mine also loads in black and white mode each time the watch wakes, if this was fixed I'd give 5 stars
I really like this face but I hope it doesn't kill my watch battery.  Seems to be the trend without proper API.
Same as everyone else.. White and black for 1 second or so before the actual screen I paid for shows up. Please fix.
Like the custom colors and amount of info. Wish it could also show me my next appointment.
I would buy a halloween theamed one in a second
This is such a gorgeous watch face itbmakes me wish it did anything more than sit and be pretty telling time, like using the center ring for something functional like battery % or some animation, like a pulsing glow
Superb watch face
Love the watch face, great job!
Hanafi Asr choice doesn't work. I've sent numerous emails via the app and directly through the website detailing the fault with photos showing the mistake and have never got a reply back from the developer. I asked if they knew that Asr prayer has 2 options in the app but instead of showing the Asr time slightly differently ,according to whether you select the HANAFI option or the MALIKI/HANBALI/SHAFI option, it shows the same time. If you have this option in a prayer app then you must understand what it means and then make sure that it works otherwise it puts into question your credibility. I don't know why the developer will not reply to me or engage with me. All I want is the app to work.
My favorite prayer time app for Android. The widget is a huge time saver to see the next prayer and countdown and as well as the qibla tracker is very accurate. So happy that the widget also updates time in its own now without having to open the app itself!
It is a good app, but disappointed because could not restore my previous purchase to remove ads and have widgets
Qibla not working it keeps loading and loadings

why i  did  not hear such  sound or call adhan during prayer  time?
Best app ever and I hope we will get new update for android 8

It's not playing athan
All good but picture of the day should mention the name of the place.
This is very good app but it's not giving athan on time
Compas is not working
Thank you
Thank you
Perfect app with full azan. Love it.
best prayer time app💚
Mashaallah very good application
Very useful alhamdulillah
Kosov
Really excellent
Would somebody care to explain why my 1:36-long fajr athan is going off 6 minutes after the time I set it for? That's unacceptable.
Jazakom Allah kher
MashAllah
This app is not accurate at all !! All prayer times are wrong and different from actual Athan ... I can't depend on it .. Specially it was Ramadan , and it was not accurate at all for Maghrib , some times earlier and some time late ... I will uninstall it
JazakAllah Khair for the app.  In shaa Allah you will fix the city issue, as it defaults back to Minneapolis, regardless of my selection.
Why is the athan not playing? I've done full volume too and I've checked to see if its going to notify and that's on too
It doesn't work
It's after the actual prayer in 10 min
Requires a proper update not work properly with new iOS n andriod devices
Why not have an Albanian language
Good app,  but please correct the time every single pray, syukron

Nice
Jazakallah for the great app. But It's killing my battery. I'm on android 8.0 Oreo using pixel xl. Among other apps, its number one battery consumer. Not sure what's going on. Please look into it.
doesn't work... didn't call for donor and i unlocked the adds
Superbe application avec un design magnifique et des horaires très précises.
Great
The app should be like iOS : prayers notification! period. Now on the unsecured platform (Android) you tried to implement the Calls control without asking the user permission , and even that asks for contacts permission and the user denied the app still knowing all the contacts and controlling their calls : what does that mean? I'm extremely upset , that's so ridiculous! I'm feeling like somebody spying on my calls on the name of Islam :@
It's the best app far seen now but I suggest to add duas which should be said  so I hope in next update it's going to work and add the athan of monsour az zharani the fajr athan is there so other than fajr athan and please add it soon in the next update
Once again All prayers athans stopped announcing all of the sudden, despite the amount I paid for this app.
I really like this face allot. It is very stable and doesn't use much battery on my Huawei Watch(AW 2.0 preview) and LG Watch Sport.  The step counter can be a tad difficult with certain color schemes but overall: Great Job!
Like this face but the battery drain is terrible. I was getting 2 days of usage on a single charge. Using this face I can only get 10 hours.
The app uses so much battery on my phone. Please fix
How can I put this watch face on my Wear24? It is not selectable after installing it.
I like the look of the watch face but can't install it to my watch. Huawei watch 2. Not in the Android wear app.
Cool face! but I cant edit the face,I keep getting a licensing error and it closes please help! Thanks
Don't see it in the android wear app.
Awesome!
Great detail with a lot of options. This dev really cares about his work and is always looking for ways to improve anything he does. Worth every penny.
Feature filled and fantastic app!
Worth the price. Looks great, especially at night. Wish it had an interactive feature to quick launch favorite app. Even so, very nice!
What a great amber orange color, that and the design remind me of a BMW dash. Provides useful data in a way looks great, definitely a worthwhile purchase. Keep it up!
But it's well developed
Needs at least some color options
No weather data streamed to it and the setup never appeared in my apps.
Include the Background LED Panel Type functionality like the V01 watchface
really nice, but seems to have high power drain
Love love love the watch face
I tried it on my LG Urbane 2nd Edition and it didn't work. I would have loved this on my watch.
It was a amazing idea to have all this information on your watch until you try to change the settings which don't work.
This watch face is perfect is artistic yet simple and accurate it looks good but at the same time entirely functional with a purpose and very accurate this is a must buy!!!
Looks great on my Huawei Watch
I hoped this watch face would tell me when it was going to get dark (and eventually light) at my location.  Apparently there are several definitions for what dark is and this one displays them all, sacrificing clarity for quantity of information.  It isn't configurable so you're stuck with all three "darks".
I love this watch face! The only thing I would add is battery monitor for the phone.
Doesn't work on moto 360 sport, constantly crashes on watch.
Doesn't work on moto 360 2nd gen
The ambient mode looks much better in version 1.5, and its now possible to turn off the battery icon.
Needs more customization, boring ambient
Not what I expected edit: I expect to work like when is the sun up to be a color and for the moon another color...and to work with time, how long is sun up on the summer and so on...
Functional and different enough for a change from the norm.  Developer very helpful and responsive to query.
Really cool concept!  Had a few requests when I first got it and the developer was responsive - looking forward to this being a daily face now.
Love the look of the face but really wonder how only 12 hours at a time of sunset or sunrise is useful. If it is 11:30am and want to quickly see when sunset is it still shows sunrise...not useful since I need sunset not a reminder of when sunrise was this morning. Perhaps provide an option to change this to user preference.
Enjoying it so far. Only flaw is having to stay up until midnight to see when the sun is rising. Other than that I really like it.
Installed it on my moto360 and it shows sunrise at 8:30 am and sunset at 8:50 pm. Time off by more than 2 hours as well as impossible for September anyplace.
Despite waiting ten minutes after installing the app, as well as restarting both my Moto360 and my Nexus 5X, the watch face appeared nowhere and I was unable to switch to it. I am glad I was still able to refund my purchase.
That seems a bit hinky
This face is a little cluttered for my liking, it has a lot of potential though needs refining and cleaning up with the ability to select options as well..
It doesn't show the right sunrise time and you can't get the battery life icon off the screen.
The watch face looks amazing, but there is some issues that need to be fixed: 1. The ambient mood keeps the color of the watch face so that's drain the battery faster. 2. Please give us the option for the weather unit F°/C° and it should update more often and that's apply to the mail icon as well.
Force closes everytime
Looks nothing like image above!  Looks crystal clear in image but very cloudy in reality.  Very disappointed.
You stole my money ($2) by removing this app from the Samsung store! Do not support this developer
Unable to adjust any settings after pairing. Cannot change times colours etc.....
Weather not correct or updating small hr display 12 hrs out clock shows 10am display 10pm
Installed with a bit of syncing issues and does not update the weather. Says "no data"
it's nice and all, but weather is not updating. and just now read some reviews, it's not fixed for months.
Weather not updating
How do you change from military time to standard Time and won't update weather
Weather does not work other than that it would be a good watch face
Sony smartwatch 3
Good so far.  Really like the "light up" faces.
I like this I do like the change at night
Accept
This app looks great on here, but with the Gear S2 classic, you buy it through their Gear app. I did, and it downloaded easily and I was able to put the default face on my watch. But, I can't figure out how to configure it. It says to use Android Wear, but that doesn't connect with my Gear, so I can't change anything. Any help? It looks so promising...
Don't install Loss your mb.
Poor quality watch face and crashed straight away! Needs improvement.
Themes look great but plz make it compatible with gear S2 3g with the speakers. Thanks!
Alles geht problemlos
Like
Loved the face, but can't use it cuz it doesn't work with Tizen.
Please remove the permanent "app" in the app drawer and have it be only a Android Wear watch face. So many other watch faces do this so it doesn't "clutter" your app drawer with unesccesary stuff.
Please add date
Customising the watch face on my Urbane is a complete pain! The changes hardly ever take affect and takes ages to edit again. A companion app where you could store presets would be a better option...
Tons of options. Sumptuous design. Amazing animated tourbillon and gears. A rotor that actually rotates as your wrist turns, just like real one!  And, wonderfully,  you can choose the timeout interval up to 30 sec!
It will download and install but the app will not be on the phone. Have tired multiple times to download and install an always end up with same results and it charged me two times for the purchase.
love it,but unrealistic
Can you add the option to change the dim colors? Also instead of preset color why not a full range color wheel thingy?
Shuts off too soon and defaults to a boring watch face
Not that nice. Gyroscope looks like glitch
This is the best watch face I came across
Stupid af. Doesn't sync to your phone  it only shows adds literally.  Don't waste your time.
Doesn't sync,  just keeps opening ads.  Complete waste of time.
It synched just fine but the image  could be a lot better.  Looks blurry to me.
Will not sync!! Everytime you hit the sync an add pops up ....was a cute idea. Does not work with Samsung Smart watch
Very very very bad cant load watch face
Sync button only works to populate ads. 😠 Just hated it!
Garbage doesn't sync  only ads
Trash doesn't work
Just a bunch of ads don't waste your time
The clock is too light I can't see it
Does not work!  Just adverts.
Won't sync, just displays ads
Really a nice watch face tells me everything that I need to know
A29watchface for android
I hate watch faces which look great when on but look awful when the watch goes dim.. this one stays looking gorgeous in both states.. it looks great and I haven't noticed any increase in battery drainage than usual. This may be because I prefer watch faces with full colour when dim. Love it.
I'm giving you a 4 because I really like the watch face design, but the dimmed display kills the battery life. I'd like to see the dimmed display greatly refined or I would like to uninstall and receive a refund because I can't use as is.
One of the nicer watch faces but it will destroy your battery. Maybe it's because of the use of colour during sleep mode?
Seeing that the date is at the top it would be great if the weather was integrated somehow and Aldo if it could be completely dimmed to a black and white screen once sleeping...
cant wait to see more from you. *cough* A06
How the hell do I now remove this from my watch.
Would love to use this - but says it's downloaded but it's no where to be found on phone or gear! Turned both items off and on and everything else I can think of. Got it 24 hours ago! Not there. Paid money
Looks great, wasn't expecting the color options but they add a lot to it.
I can't even get on the app
Can't open on Samsung s4
great until the season was over
It is good
Moto 360 2gen. I download the app but I doesn't show up anywhere. I'm a doing something wrong?
😄Perfect just what I was looking for. Works great with Moto 360 1st Gen.🎅🎄
With the latest update, everything has been working well. No more overlapped time, date, and days till Christmas. Thanks dev.
It won't work for me
It won't work
Works great on my MOTO 360 first gen.
Very nice, simple design
Perfect countdown watchface for the holiday season.
Sync's smoothly and you can adjust the background easily from the watch
I have a Moto 360 2nd generation watch
Only thing for next year... Dont have 0 days left. At least have it say merry Christmas or something creative
Christmas Countdown Watch Face is pretty much THE best christmas-themed watch-face I have found thus far - it looks great, there's plenty of customization options and it works well. When I use my Sony SmartWatch 3 Steel this holiday season, this will be the watch-face I'll have active - though I do wish there was a version for Pebble/Pebble Time products, as I use my Pebble most of the time...
Say something better than days to Christmas 0 on the day!! But otherwise good design!
How r u supposed to get it?
Awesome job, thank you. Works great on my Huawei Watch and its free!
Good,cool,best i wish i can say more but I can't
Jesus birthday
Merry Christmas to you and your family
Just love it!
So cute & Christmasy
Good
Please add a font size option. When on ambient display mode the " 'til Christmas" text gets a bit garbled (probably because anti-aliasing gets disabled)
Great watch face,  has been my current face since it came out and will carry on using it until Christmas is over!  Thanks for making it :)
Looks absolutely incredible on my Huawei Watch.  The flat styling, color choices and overall design are brilliant.  Thank you for a great product!
wonderful for my just turned 5 yo grandson! !  cute, exciting app for him
I wish it had a fancier / more xmassy Ambient Mode though
Countdown to Christmas watch
How  do u move it from phone to gear s?!
It works wonderful, Happy Holidays
I would love to be a tester!
Update fixed/clarified permissions.
Love it great app
I love it.
Sucks
It doesn't work. Sits off to the left
Downloaded this app and the photo isn't even aligned.
Nice, but the photo as some people said is not aligned
It has great features, if you use the apps they want you to. Which I don't. And the notifications aren't changeable. The publisher responds to all comments with the same canned response that has nothing to do with the review. And now I am getting phone pop up notifications to buy more faces from them. Not impressed by this AT ALL.
Very cool but I'd like to see some customization options for the notifications on the left depending on what msg service you use and maybe email
Drain heavy battery,but Amazing Face.more select app noti on face plz.
Awesome sc-fi face
Crashes constantly on Sony Smart watch 3
Had to refund. We need the option to change ambient. Can't hide a beautiful face behind a blank screen. fix that and I'll pay twice the price. Or leave it customizeable.
A definite blue must have the blue thanks and God bless!!!!
Sumon
I had about given up trying to find a classic watch face that showed date and temp clearly legible until I came across this one. Perfect! Thank you TLI. I'm sticking with this one.
I run Touch Lab, though, so I'm biased. Anyway, thanks to Walter for the great work on this.
It shows temperature in F only
Awesome!
Does not work on my LG WatchR. Emailed developer - no response.
Nice looking face, but the date dials don't always update properly and the date in dim view is too small to read easily. Good first attempt though.
Having it, loving it, waiting for more!
Great  design, but   can't  change  date  format,  support  is  disgusting and rude.
Works fine. Allow customizing. Looks great
Nice watch
I really like this multi time zone  watchface. I have family across continents and its great to keep track of time this way before calling them. Themes and colors choices are great to have, feels like I am wearing a new watch everyday. Keep it up devs.
I'm very very impressed.  This is the most fantastic feature rich smart watch watch face I've seen thus far.  So much customization.   Seriously  this face knocks it out of the park!  Homerun Forza!!!!!!!!!
Not as expected.  One wonders if the Developers rated the watch face.
Every time I tried to set it, I would go back to the face and it would say purchase. It didn't recognize that I bought it.
I agree with April Russell out of no where it changed to 24 hour mood and it won't go back to 12 hour and I really loved this one especially when tower lights up by the hour so beautiful. But do not like the 24 hour time!!!!
I will change my review when the watch face gets 12 hr time back. It just randomly changed to 24 hr and will not revert.
Love how cute this watch face is but I don't do 24 hr time. I wish it was 12 he time so I could use it.
I love this watch face!!!!
Very nice and even nicer when the lights blink on the tower.
Loving this watch face for my Polar M600
Looks nice. I like the transitions during the day. Please fix the setting to show up via the android wear app instead of having a separate app clogging up the app drawer.
I've been looking for a realistic watch face, and this one looks great on my Nixon Mission. I like the ambient options, but what's missing is a way to override the dim timer. As it is now, the watch face dims very quickly. I'd like to be able to set the timer to 7 or 10 seconds (as is an option in many other watch faces).
To slow to download, how come I cannot change the color of the watch from red to different colors, to expensive, big mistake on my side, of course, I would like a refund
I use it exclusively with the ambient mode and it works great.
Nice watch face! However, I would love to see a version without the red stripe. Also, for some reason the refund option was not available at the time of purchase.
You must put the instructions to change or use the faces in that app
I downloaded this thinking it would be fun for a day or so, but that was 3 weeks ago and I've now sprung for the paid version.
I really like this: a watch face with attitude. I do with there were a setting to tone down the language a bit, as this does limit the audience.
Love this watchface! Love the colour customisation and the lovely greetings it has every hour, cheers
LOVE the idea! However, the font seems quite pixelated on my LG Urbane? :(
Awesome idea but is there anyway to make it a lock screen on a phone?
Awesome idea and helps me with some English words. Is it possible to make a lock screen permanent watch for this?
Love it can't wait for more additions to the watch face is it possible to let you choose which words it says
Can't find the settings app? I have an XPERIA Z5
Can i use it on my phone? Or just smartwatch?
So me.
Good app
Loved it
It works well. It is an attractive watch face. But..  - Area is not properly used in rectangular watches like Sony SW3. The design leaves lots of empty space. The watch area should be used efficiently.  - Date format should allow mmm d, yyyy, i.e. Nov 7, 2017 - AM/PM indicator should be placed at the right of the seconds. - The colon : between the hour and the minutes should be vertically centered. - The leading zero cannot be removed. It doesn't make sense for 12-hour format.  - The format label 12 or 24 hour cannot be removed.  Please, provide these modifications in the settings and you'll be providing the watch face of the century. There will not be enough stars to rate it.  Cheers.
Not working no Watch faces synced after 30 mins.  Have a Fossil Q Founder with Android 2.0
Great watch face! As others have stated, and I would add... even if you set your location, the weather is almost useless. Looks and functions well otherwise.
I wish I could set the "full on" so it doesn't drop to ambient so fast.  Otherwise, very good watch face.
It's doing exactly what I need. Has all good information. Used it for 4 months, no problems.
OK face not worth 1.50 us weather way off say's it's 64 and raining all day when it's 72 and sunny and all interactive does is change the color of display and date text way to small reset multiple times way better free faces out there stay away
The app it's ok, it's pretty looking but it's very limited in functionality. The only problem I am having, it's the weather update does not update for a whole day until the next day. Instead of offering tech support, the developer should provide an update or the air on how to fix this issue. Maybe adding more options like updating every 1, 5 10, 22, etc. hours on the phone app as a setting. Also adding more weather providers, like AccuWeather, Yahoo weather, etc. To be more accurate.
It's said rain all day although it's bright and sunny.   Otherwise I really like it.  Design has the essential info I need and the moon phase indicator is pretty.  Also like having the timezone indicator.  Will be traveling this weekend and will be interested to see how well it updates.
Weather and functions working ok. Like the look.
Makes me wish I had a round Android wear device.
Nice watch
Tr
Very nice watch face with a slick design and pleasant to look at. Feature set seems a bit more limited compared to other watches of the same price point. Since upgrading to Huawei Watch 2 Classic with AW2.0 battery life has been spectacular.
Superb
Excellent whatch face.  Love it.
Much better after the update but the weather is still not great. It ain't 13° out there! More like 3°😆
Wasted money does not work on 24hr mode and analog watch does not work
Would like to be able to remove the preceding '0' before the hours.
Months later this watch face still is my favorite everyday go to. It reminds me so much of a G-Shock and is still great year later.  Great developers too.  Responded within a couple hrs.  Tip, for more accurate weather put cityname ,state initials.  All good.
Great face. It has alot of information in such a short amount of space. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the accuracy of the weather part.
Works really well on my Mission
Great app, optimised for moto screen
Need option to select weather provider.. it's sunny and 81 outside, yet my watch is showing 82 and raining !! There is no rain in sight !! Would give 5 stars if you correct this.
I really like the attention to detail and the flexibility to make changes. I would give it five stars if the temp and forecast was accurate. It's slow to update often showing the wrong temp, by many degrees, and like today saying snow but national weather service says zero chance of snow. I appreciate the work that has been done and maybe you can resolve the weather issue. I'd be glad to give 5 stars if that is fixed.
Update to prior review: The design team fixed all minor issues I seem to have had, so they are very responsive. The layout has most of what I want, and it was easy to customize the colors. Highly appealing weather icons in color.
Having trouble syncing time & units format. Only wants to stay on 12 hour & Celsius format.
Everything works except the weather
Just awsome!
Decent face, weather not always accurate.  Will say 50 degrees and then snow.
Need a options to remove leading 0
I have seen many free watch faces better than this one.  Even the temperature stopped updating after a while and i don't understand why.
Bought the watchface, installed, then saw I needed to install luxury watchfaces app. Installed that too. Rebooted everything, forced app resync, and watchfaces never showed up. Even used the watchfaces app to get and change to one of the free faces and nothing happens. Refunding.
My only complaint is that when the face is in idle mode, you can't read notifications because the note background is transparent. It'd be a 5 otherwise.
I have this installed on my Asus Zenwatch and it's pretty cool... the weather might as well not be on it though it's sunny this morning and my watch says rain!!!! well never mind... actually it's just changed to snow!!!! Lol UPDATE! !! Better with weather  but still not as accurate as the stock faces on my Asus....
It was working when I had Galaxy S6 . But it stop working with my S8 despite it's installed on my new phone. The programming team respond very fast to my comments and guide me step by step to solve the problem. Now it is working again perfectly.
Watch doesn't update with time zone changes.
Love it
I have a pixel and fossil q Marshal watch. I couldn't get the app to download in my watch. I restarted the watch, the phone, uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times, I also contacted the developer. Still doesn't work.
The weather doesn't update... Makes it not worth using. Update and it would be perfect.
I downloaded this app to my Tag because I like the looks of it, and I  wanted a little change from the Tag watch faces. It does everything it claims to do and I have not had any issues with it. I am new to Android, and switch from iPhone and I watch because of the Tag Watch.  I am using a Galaxy S8 Plus. I would have given it 5 if it didn't have the 0 in front of the single digit times.
Got the premium and wish I hadn't, after 1 day it had used most of my phones battery, uninstalled and problem went away :(
Get premium it's worth it
Author extremely helpful and prompt, great watch face
I need a refund. App won't work on phone after upgrade to premium, and the features did not take effect when the app DID work.
I need a refund when I upgraded to Prime the app didn't even open it froze it was all black...
Just OK.
This watch face gets more compliments than any other I have downloaded. It looks great in sleep mode.
It need primum ver to do any action
A lot!
Very good design, works well with LG URBANE.
As advertised and the design really blends in well with the black smartwatch
So occasionally, it turns out, my step counter will stick to zero (while the Google fit app shows much higher numbers ) and the phone battery indicator is completely off! Edit: not occasionally, very often.
Love it!
Weather is not updating otherwise five-star app.
junk，can not display on my watch
You mean you built a time piece out of an Android?!
But please let us have some options such as screen on time, change colours, change layout between month and day.....
Would be much better if you could choose to display the full face in ambient mode. It looks awful in black and white.
The notification cards are not displaying on updated Asus Zenwatch 3 (fixed this. I accidentally had do not disturb turned on)
not sure how to see battery level..
Nice face. It could be a bit crowded at times. Also, difficult to see current date.
but it would look way better and conserve battery on lg g r if the background was completely black. sleep face look horrible btw
Searched "gear S3 Frontier" and this app came up. DL'd and would not work. Sent email asking for support... No response. sent another asking for refund, few days later told no refunds after DL. Exactly when would you refund. You can't refund before a DL, there is no charge for looking at it... Not a good policy to give no refunds if you lost under search terms that lead to your product but do not work on it. Bought in good faith, not a good faith developer. Keep the couple dollars and the rating.
Hi. I purchased some of your premium watchfaces, including this one for my Fossil Q Marshal Android Wear 2.0. I just recently picked up a Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch. I noticed Samsung uses Tizen OS, different from ANDROID. I found almost all the watchfaces I already purchased from you on the Samsung Gear store, but it asked me to pay for them again. Is there any way for me to download all my watchfaces from Android Wear 2.0 to my Samsung Gear S3 for free without having to pay for all of them again in the Samsung Gear store, since I already payed for them on Android? Thanks!
It crashes every time I try to go into settings. I can choose different watch faces, but I have a feeling there are additional settings (such as the secondary time zone) that I can't access. Otherwise, good looking faces.
Elegant. Simple. Beautiful. Functional.  I'm happy to compromise on battery life to keep it always on! It's actually quite battery friendly even if kept always on.  Dim mode looks really cool too in the dark.
Can't see it on my hauwai watch in the android wear app on my phone.
Crashes when trying to access settings
HTC ONE M9 Moto 360 V2.
Synced up easily, great looking faces especially the brown.
Looks nice on Sony. Set themes. Perfect
Great look
Sharp
Only yellow and white are good, dark colors are very bad on my Moto 360.
This developer has 3 great watch Apps!! Great work!! The colors and faces are awesome.
Looks pretty good on my Asus Zenwatch
pretty sweet and simple..I like
Love it! Great work :)
Faces look awesome.
like this feel
Oddly enough after installing this app, my phone changed from needing to be charged 1 every other day to 2 a day.
Don't waste your time downloading this app.
Never got it despite seeing it download from the Playstore.
This watch face is beautiful but please allow the option of a colored ambient mode with just the second hand disabled to save battery.   This works well for other faces I've used without a significant by drain on the battery.
Nice, works way stated.
This is my favorite watchface. Simple and beautiful
After 1 day of using the watchface it consumed only 1% of Android Wear battery life!
I love the design, I would have given it 5 stars but for one thing.... at a few minutes past each hour it says, for example, Seven Two... Maybe this could be changed to read Seven O' Two just like we would say it if asked the time. Apart from that, the perfect watch face.
Overall this is good. Please reduce line spacing. Too much space. Bottom line cut off in moto 360. Also I didn't find any option to left align or center align. Need option to change font name, font size and font color
Absolutely no settings, bottom cut off on Moto 360. Worthless.
Moto360 First Gen, The time doesn't update and the text is so big it's off center it would be nice to customise this to add weather text and battery indicators....
The watch time does not update on my watch at all. I need to change watch face and change back for it to be updated. Definitely no go for me.
It's good but I would like a option to take the date off.  Thanks for a nice app
Love design, but won't update time
Time does not change
Works fine now. Time updates for Asus Zen watch.
Works fine, no problems.
Shows the same time Samsung S4 and Gear Live
After one week, now I decided to give a review, it looks stunning on a rounded watch, and ok on square watch
Excellent to look at and fantastic battery consumption! Highly recommended
Don't like the bird... but still give it 5 stars
Love it
It doesn't load the weather app and it says it can't find the flashlight app. Once you go into the alarm there's no swiping that will get you out of it (thank goodness my watch has a hardware button). The app shortcut icons are VERY small and difficult to accurately press. It also took me a while to figure out what they were because they are so small. Sorry, had to refund it.
Great app but there's others out there like it. But if you really want to make money create this as a normal watch face app with full color ambient mode. With a full color ambient mode and the time moving around every minute would be something no other watch face app offers yet is in high demand by users who want to use always on display that will not cause burn in.
Used to be great, now with update to android wear 2, the background is a light gray instead of black.. Way to bright, needs fixing!
Didn't work
This is a neat app and works well with my Moto 360 Sport. I would like to have an option of changing the color of the hour and minute hands instead of only the second hand. Maybe this can be addressed in a future update.
Dear developer please give me your email to send you the correct flag for Venezuela. Currently it has the Chinese flag although they own us we still have our own flag LMAO
Great little watch face app. The Welsh flag is wrong. It shows the flag of the UK. Please fix before next round of Euro 2016 😃
Wrong flags for some countries like Uzbekistan. Also Colorado is not a country, it's a state. Are there supposed to be other states on the list?
This app does what or says and looks good doing it. Download, set it on your watch, then change the country and style in the android wear settings. Easy. One request; the flag for Scotland is weathered green in the upper left hand side. The Scottish flag has an all blue background and while I know this was done for an artistic grunge style, it doesn't really read true. Keeping it all blue (and grungy) would make this Scotsman happy! Love the app!
There is no app icon on my phone,there is no way to change the flag.
Be perfect if we had the choice to have 12 hour or 24 hour setting!! HTC M9
It will be a perfect watch face if it offers a monochrome or colored flag for dimmed mode. My watch can handle colored watch faces in dimmed mode for a day.
I really like this app but would recommend the developer to make the background truly black to save battery in Oled displays
Does not work with Asus Zenwatch. I have one watch face only.  The union jack.  No others.
Im gonna give you one star because 20 days ago some of your customers told you for some countries missing,and you didn't do nothing to fix it. It is strange that you have Quebec,Texas and Tibet flag,but no Croatia,Jamaica,Samoa or Serbia there,very strange from Greek developer.
I downloaded it and it never showed up on my phone or watch. I'll upgrade the rating if this can be fixed .
Love the look, but I would like it better, give 5 stars if the date could stay on instead of the battery.
Although has same mistakes with flags but is nice to have this app :)
Out of your 97 watch faces, my lg g watch r only displays 1 face, why!?
Wales flag wrong...please update.
Does exactly what it says on the tin! And tells battery life when in sleep mode :-) Cheers
Can't change the flags since Android Ware was updated so I have deleted
Simple and elegant design. I had this watch face on my Samsung Gear Live and now on my Asus Zen Watch 2.
It installed in my mobile but it's not showing in my moto 360 2nd gen...It of no use. It's neither showing in my watch nor on my mobile.
Not able to open the app.
You should add all country flag... when you are offering world flag
Thank you, these are great!
Pls remove the flag of Tibet
Can't even change it is rate it 0
Great app!
Wouldnt alter as per instructions so uninstalled it.
jordan flag not there and difficult to set the flag on the watch. I always got UK flag only
I cant change the flag (g watch w100)
Thanks
Simple concept to dress your watch + a responsive developer. 5 stars.
Love it! Please add the South African Flag and it will be perfect! Thank You.
Would be good if we could have the Samoa flag!! Please.
Very good but developer please add the Sri Lankan flag thanks.
Can't edit the face with Android 2.0
It could be even better with the name of the country on the screen.
Great but there is no Croatian nor Serbian flag.
Superb watch faces,  really appreciate the Welsh flag!
Love it. But that's not the Welsh flag. It has a red dragon.
Jamaican flag  please
I thought It looked nice but it constantly crashes and doesn't respond.
Multiple times during the day on my phone even when you are NOT using the watch face annoyed me enough to uninstall and give it a krappy rating.
Too much customization with elegant design
Great watchface...needs help.  The screen doesn't always dim properly...almost like it freezes up.  If a notification pops up and then dims it will be fine.  If it freezes, nothing updates on the screen which makes the time a bit inaccurate.  I really want to like this watchface but if it can't tell me the proper time when not "active" it is a bit worthless.  Huawei watch.
Beautiful and functional. One of the best faces out there.
Double setting icon on my watch face.
Looks cool.  Make it a square one and I will buy it in a minute.
Won't show up
If have this installed on my Sony SW3....and it looks great...I just wish you had a square version of this..I would pay for that....
This is a beautiful watch face with all the functions I need as customisations.  I bought the premium version.
love it
This is a beautiful, full-featured watch face.  My only complaint is that it's supposedly focused on the weather (it's in the name, after all) but unless my watch GPS is enabled, the weather only updates if I force it to from the phone app. I have the full version and I have it set to update every hour in the app but it doesn't. The "update" feature won't work from the watch, either.   I'm using a Ticwatch E.   It would be nice if the weather auto updates would work for my device using the phone-only location setting.
My favorite watch face.  Nothing else I have tried comes close.  The options for launching apps is unsurpassed.  Love the real time weather view (get compliments on it all the time).  Also love the custimization.
One of my favourite faces.
Pity that having bought premium, it only applies to one watch face.  There should be at least a substantial discount on extra faces in the set. After a while, the weather update stops working, and I have to switch off a nd restart my phone to get an update.  Restarting alone does not work, and this procedure is needed, then for every update. This is a pity. This is an otherwise excellent app, though it is somewhat unstable.  A few less bells and whistles would be better, if that improved stability.
Running on ticwatch s ..App is nice.. I bought the paid version, fit info doesn't sync, phone battery info doesn't sync, find my phone button does not work.. will add to the list when I discover more flaws
Best I've used yet But Why can't I change the colour of the hand contrast in ambient mode (it forces to green) .. But should at least match the selected accent colour
Works great worth the money
My favourite watch face. I rarely buy apps but happily paid for this one. A suggestion to developers: if you could make the night sky reflect the true phases of the moon I would never change watch face again!
Nice, paid for premium and getting being spammed about getting Christmas watch face, also would be good to have option to hide the other watch advertisements. These are fine when using free app....
This is a great watch face, however the step counter does not show any readings ( it just remains zero), otherwise I would give it 5 stars.
Settings don't stay. Annoying
Does not displayed heart rate info.
Great App and also good for battery usage.
Nice watch face
Although this watchdogs is very informative, it Uses up too much battery life ... and will not last thru the night even with no activity.
Was brilliant but the recent update keeps telling me that I have the premium upgrade but I can't access premium items
Thanks again for all of you G
It decent but expected more for a premium priced paid app. The good.... Has good built in app Hotspot for the screen. You can put just about any app right on the home screen. The bad..... Basic watch faces with not much customization. The easiest thing to fix would be watch faces and customization of them. It does have a decent base watchface to work with but it's lacking the most basic attributes.
I don't know what happened in a recent update.,but my LG G Watch no longer shows this watch face. I still have the app in my Android wear app on my phone.,but it's not displaying on my watch anymore!
This is very good except some issues. Here are: It seems the watchface covers/hides the calling screen. Hour and minute hands colour is dark grey hard to recognize. Weather background could be more detailed. I bought it because it was not so expensive and very good stuff, so they earned the money.  I respect you guys because the free version functionality is rich enough!
Would like a full color ambient, thought premium would have it. It doesn't. Really wish developers would allow this as an option.
Good app so far, but the music controller keeps saying that phone is not connected while everything else works. Any help?
Anything with notifications is bad, devs stop with app notifications, I will always delete your app, always.
Weather is not updating properly,Simply wasted my money by buying premium.
Tried over and over to sync with my gear 2, had to uninstall- disappointed
Good, but no full-color ambient mode and spams you with unsolicited notifications. Good support.
Just got the app a few weeks ago. So far I like it  Still trying to decide if I want to upgrade to premium
Sometime not connecting for my MOTO360  2nd. I have to reset for my Moto!???
Applly all wear app
Great watch, let's me make it my watch.
I like
Make it more useful
First impression, first day:  pretty cool.  Lots of customization.  I would like to be able to over-ride the weather -based face color.  It won't show Moto G5   battery status, always "0".  I'll report more after a couple of weeks.  If I can get the phone battery indicator to work, it may be a 5-star, even without being able to change face color.
Everything is great except the weather temp is not accurate for the high of the day.  I only have the trail version but if that isn't correct then I can't justify paying either.
Can not connect with phone notifications comes but when i try to set up watch from phone message came try re reconnect
It's always 66 degrees... No future weather and it's always sunny.
When I have to study it more, I can tell you more
Please help me to open
Bought this watchface, but I cant seem to use it on my Moto 360, is there a step im missing?
Ots my style
Nice helpful features you are able to change the color scheme if you have the premium
The face is working on my watch.  Why did you write that it wouldn't?
Really disappointing face. The face looks too small for the screen/watch face, why not bring the numbers to the very edge of the face? Looked good on the pictures, not in reality though. Disappointed!
Great watch face!
I very like this watchface. Nice look, but watchface not centered (sometime shift to top/bottom, sometime to right/left) on ambient mode. Please fix it, Watch Master. Thanks so much. (LG G WATCH R)
I have been using if for few days and this is just the perfect face to go through you working day. The creator also added calendar view on ambient more few days after I suggested it which is nice and terribly practical to quickly see how your day look like. I use it with my business calendar synched to my phone from Outlook. By default event color was red but I used the app 'calendar color' to change it to a less stressful color.
Pretty darn good! If options to   tweak a few more things were there, it'd be perfect. I still use it for my daily watchface though.
Great concept. Would like ambient mode to be all digital no analog.
Does exactly what says it does.  A few suggestions to make it even better:  Maybe make it free and then add in a pro paid version where people have more options. People are much more likely to buy an upgrade when they can try it for free first.  Would be nice to have an app on the phone and to be able to change some things like font size, colors, etc. Especially if you could change where it shows the date because in practice it's not easy to see at a glance.  Since it grabs your location anyway, maybe change then background to show the weather? Like clouds over the sun or whatever. Doesn't need to move or be interactive or anything complicated like that.  Would be amazing and perfect if you could put what I think are called "complications" where you an add in weather or sync with Google fit for your step count.
Calendar events are not showing correctly, but they are in other watch faces. Other than that, looks very good but ambient could use a bit more agenda information and a digital clock too. Also, in general, option to hide minute and hour markers and some countdowns until next event and remaining for current event.
My only gripe is that sometimes the second hand doesn't disappear on my LG G Watch when the screen goes into power saving mode.
I like the idea.. it's just not clear enough though.. very pixelated
The idea isn't bad, but the implementation isn't great. To difficult to read.
Liked the design from the beginning but I think it would be great to see the battery level while it charges.
The image is too grainy to make the effect believable.
Looks cool on square face.1 of my faves :)
Extremely artistic. Love it!
Love this face nice .
Very abstract
Not bad
Nice
The design looks good on the app advertisement but terrible on my zen2. Its too fake looking,no depth to it. The design doesn't have sharp and crisp lines.
Too abstract to read clearly :(
Very grainy image on my lg Urbane.
:(
Not worth the permissions asked
Sucks
Love it
This application has never worked correctly ever since I installed it. The LiveTv feature has never worked for once. It's only showing channel 100, nothing else. How do I get this issue sorted out?  I wish I can attach screenshots so you understand better. This application needs total overhaul. What's the essence of the app when the end user 👤 can't use it conveniently?
It keeps losing contents and every time it happens I have to contact the help  desk. Even the logout and login again is not working as an option to resolve the issue. After you logout, the app fails to connect to the internet even when Wi-Fi or Mobile data is on. Quite frustrasting.
This is so annoying! Online I can login, but the app just keeps saying my password is incorrect. What's the point of releasing an update that doesn't work? Before the update, it was perfect. We pay so much money for the premium package, plus perks & it doesn't work. C'mon Multichoice, get it together...
As for me it's working perfectly...... Only one thing now is if they will enable Internet subscription for this app it will be better... It consume my data so much I don't want to watch on low because the image is not clear
Every time I have to uninstall and reinstall and am tired.  it's either I can't stream live TV or it keep telling me to check my playstore settings.  Like seriously???? Are you guys for real!
Started out ok. Used for a while till it started acting up. Tells me I can't use it anymore coz my phone is not certified? I have a Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro. However when I check list of certified phones provided, Samsung is one of them. So I wonder if it's the particular phone or the app is faulty. And why was I able to use it initially on the same phone..
The servers must be made of patatoe or something because it's always freezing up and often doesn't even start to stream. I use other streaming services . E.g. Sky Sports, Netflix Etc. And never have this problem.
This App improved greatly the past year. Only reason now I'm giving it an 3 star and not 5 star is the "only 4 devices that can be registered". Netflix offer unlimited devices and 2 views at one time. Please increase that number. Thanks!
I want to suggest your team adds a more reduced video quality option(say120-150mb/hour) for us (Nigerians). Many would have loved to always make use of the app. But data bundles are damn expensive. Thanks.
I ran the update yesterday ever since ive been getting an error stating that the srrvice is only available to dstv customers in dstv territories...cant watch live tv or catchup. Called call center reinstalled nd it worked once, nd now its back to the error.
I rated this app 5 because everything worked. NOW very disappointed. It keeps on telling me I am not connected to the internet when all my other internet connections work. Phoned DSTV multiple times. Cant even log on.
I am using Android 6.1on a Lenovo yoga 3 tablet. This app keeps on telling me I am not connected to the internet? Ridiculous.
I used to love this app, until it stopped playing and showing video playback unavailable that i should go to google play store setting and ensure that I'm using Google certified devise, if there is anything less than one star that's what I will give this app.
I loved it till I did the update on the old one I could check my account balance and download my statements etc under MY DSTV Nd now that options have vanished off the app... Can't do anything with it now...Rather useless
Once again dstv now strikes again, i have a MyGica at work and now "google play store" does not recognize the device which basically means i cannot watch dstv on the device. Well done to you guys trying to make more money out of people. How can one fix this problem if possible at all, or should i just chuck it in the toilet?
I have been trying to get the app to work on my S8 but to no avail. I can't log in. Instead I get routed to some less than Beta version of a log in page. Of which doesn't even login. And I have re-installed the issues still persists.
It was working fine until I updated it. Now it tells me the services of the app are only offered to customers in dstv territories. Like I'm in SA and I have always been here. Why after updating it it no longer recognise me as being in Africa. Pissed😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
This app are the best online tv app ever made plz keep up the good work,just one problem though i jus want to know are all your sport in high definition.Coz all the other channels works fine ,but sport channels are very blurry when watched on phone?
With the new update, the app does not open. It automatically closes if you try to open it. And de installing and re installing the app does not work.  Hi. Its Feb now and the app has still not been fixed? Will the app ever get fixed? Re installing the app does not work
My application does exactly the same as the rest no matter if its on android or Apple. Please fix it as it is very inconvenient.
This app is very useless... Won't even load a page,  since I downloaded it it has never worked.
The app seems unstable,  At times it works fine, but recently, I only get the dstv dish channel. Can't even load any other channel on live TV,  but the tv guide works ok. Don't know if there's any fix for it. I'm using Samsung galaxy  Tab A. From Nigeria.
The app wont even work on my S8+. Get the following error.  Server Error in '/4.1' Application.Runtime ErrorDescription: An exception occurred while processing your request. Additionally, another exception occurred while executing the custom error page for the first exception. The request has been terminated.
I am in Ghana, I gave a review some days ago about my difficulties in the app working. I must now review again if it has started working well. Indeed it works perfect and I hope it stays the same.
Ever since the new update it won't stream live channels if your using Telkom lit. Worked fine before but now it's screwed. R300 down the drain because of this.
So once again this product fails: I loaded it onto my tablet, which is Google certified as it no longer works on my Mygica box, because that isn't, and we've read how they are required by licencing requirements to only play their product on Google certified products. Well now when I start the app, I get a runtime error "server error in '/4.1' application'.  So what's the issue now? Not enough testing? Invalid licencing? Gupta interference? Sun spots? Weekend blues?  Edit: well, what do you know, it's working today!
In Namibia I can't check my balance. Other features all work as advertised.
It was working fine up until early February. Right now no more live streaming. Pls fix this, cos it's a great app
Hi ! Am I using Galaxy note 8.for the 3 weeks am not able to watch or download any movie. What happening with this app??!!
After a while, its say.. It cannot function in my this app only functions in dstv territories.. I live in Nigeria
There's no full screen view for Samsung. Can't find any on my phone tho. Please do an upgrade and work on it. Every other works perfectly.. Oh! Downloads don't work. Fix it.
Since I downloaded the app it has not been able to setup since. It always says no internet connection.
The app logged me out. Now i can't sign in with my correct details or even reset my password. It keeps telling me mail server is down.
Plz Dstv fix this error , this upgrade is having troubleshooting when we try to Log In and it's frustrating.
My husband is in the USA. He is on wifi. In SA he's live TV and catch-up worked. Now in the USA it does not want to work. Please assist. Says video playback is not available.
Keeps on telling me my phone isnt compatible. Ive been using it for months. Fine no problem. Now its giving me this error
Keep getting an error 4.1 ever since I updated the app. Cannot even get to the login phase. Please fix this
I have been using great for a long time, some issues which is fine. Now today it's telling me my devise is not certified and playback on my device is not supported. After about a year of it being just fine! How do I fix this
This app is the worst I finished registering but it didn't want to to open and i payed
After downloading the app, have not been able to watch my favorite stations... Always fetching videos without coming up with it. At the end, it shows error
Very nice design
A cool idea with a useful date display.  Unfortunately the card preview covers the face.
Fire

Very nice app
Good.
Nice App
Waste of time!


Poor, in sleep mode there appears to be random arrows (hands) dotted about the screen, not worth the purchase price .
Nice face but how do you get dim mode to work? I have a huawei watch. Also Jan on the month sub dial should be Jun.
Great
Forced to rate to see it ?
Fine
Nice work. But could you remove the 'Digital 2.0' words in the corner? If you can, I will give you 4 stars. If you could give me an option to change the color, I will give you 5 stars!  I don't think it's bribing you. It's encouragement. When I installed it, there was no way to remove the words 'Digital 2.0' in the corner. That's why I wrote this review. I didn't update my review because I uninstall this watchface several days after I posted this review and didn't get any response. In order to fulfill my promise, I installed it again and yes, it's gone now. Now you have 4 stars.
This is the best looking watchface I've downloaded and it looks great on my Samsung Gear Live. I'm very happy with it thus far.
Looks wonderful, really like it a lot. One question though: why does it say JAN for June on the subdial?
Cannot even try the app, before being FORCED TO RATE
I like it seems to work very well.
Looks cool on my 360
Very nice.
Good app
Looks elegant
CRAP..!!
Tried installing multiple times but gets stuck at 80%. Tried to refund and then re-install and now I seem to be stuck with it and it still won't install.
Very beautiful watch face. Installed very quick on my gear live. Thanks!
Best looking watch in the app store by far.... Very good in dimmed and regular mode! Could do without the Digital 2.0 in the corner though.
Pretty fancy, a good watch face for formal occasions.
Found that the watch could use a little more customization options. Would like to change the dials a little bit so it can free up the background a little bit
Love the look of this fave but hate the digital 2.0 on the right hand side.
Like it was
Nice watch face but still has digital 2.0 on watch urbane, and no customization options
I usually prefer seeing minutes than the hour, but this is so well done it's instantly readable. Like the animation,too
Love the analog dials and animation.  I  also appreciate the watch battery level on the dial.
Great watch face. Y'all should download
I was pleasantly surprised by the ambient mode brightness adjustability!
My account got charged but when I tried to install the app, I was kept on getting an error, but after several attempts finally I was able to download and installed successfully. Watch face is amazingly beautiful. Thanx team...
Please give the option for full colored ambient.
Looks fantastic. I like that you can make it any color you want. The dimmed mode looks great too.
This app said it loaded. I even tried reinstalling it and I can't find it to make changes to it. Fine if you want the default brown face.
I wish all watch faces were as stable and clean as this one
My fav watch face now.
Doesn't work after android wear update 5.1....loved this face before it stopped working, please fix! Will change rating upon correction
Another update and still no way to disable dimmed mode... All the other faces by the developer have that feature, but not this one, ugh.
This is one of my favorite watch faces. It's very easy on the battery and I love the different colors you can change the background to. It makes it almost like a new face every time you change the color. Information is easy to read too. Would like to see a phone battery icon added to it also.
Love the face and the way it takes advantage of the 'flat tyre' on the Moto 360. Runs very smoothly and does not seem to chew the battery.
I prefer using it that way,  black background with white text.
Cool
I would give this app 5 stars if I had the ability to turn off black and white (dimmed) mode.  It's distracting that it quickly changes modes when I glance at the watch.  Otherwise excellent app.
Installed in my Asus Zenfone 5 & it automatically synced with my Moto 360 Watch.... Looks amazing
Nice watchface and superb battery life.
Nice watch face
When in dimmed mode you lose the seconds counter.  I wished there was an option to always show seconds (for work).  Thanks for the wonderful watch face.
Works now with the new update, thanks.
By far my favorite watch face so far.
Much better after allowing to turn off black/white mode!
Love it thanks
I just bought your F01 watchable and it comes with enable drawing for ambient mode setting. Can you enable this setting on this watchface.  Thanks
I love this watch face.  The only thing I dislike is how the black-and-white mode displays first, and then switches to the regular face.  If there was an option to disable the black-and-white face so that the 'regular' face shows smoothly, I would definitely give this 5 stars.
Awesome watch face. Could be better if we can set the regular watch face without having the black / white.
Very responsive dev. Works hard updating. Love the watch face and the improvements
The only thing missing for me is battery percentage, (NOT ANYMORE HE/SHE ADDED IT) Thank you could you add this please? I need reading glasses and was looking for a digital face that I could read without my glasses on and had the date and day also. You nailed it thank you! Honestly you can not go wrong with this developer, super awesome customer service. I will buy more from this developer without hesitation!
Some days you just want to foot in with all the other dumb watches... almost. This face has just a coolness factor that is of the charts, a must have watch face in your arsenal
I like the concept, but the notifications cover up the time... Sometimes you just want to see the time and not have to deal with the latest notification (or it's a persistent notification and "no time for you" ). Please give me an option to flip the time to the top.
By far the best digital watch face I have come across for the Moto 360. 10/10 would buy again.
The creator of awesome he replies back quickly and takes in any ideas so mention some! I got him to change the dim view to permanent so it saves battery
If I could set it so that it never shows the black and white watchface,  and only ever showed the standard one. That would really be awesome. I never use ambient mode,  and whenever I look at the watch,  it's in black and white for a second before switching over to the main one. Once that is fixed it's a five star watchface!
Magnificent! Can you add seconds to dim mode face as well? I like using the different colored faces for my moto 360.
I love this app! It looks great and I love the information it displays including battery percentage. I also like the ability to change the screen timeout.
Excessive battery usage
Very nice watch with a lot of options. One of the best!
This is a great watch face.  Very customizable. I love it.
Great but fix B&W startup flash
Burns through Moto's battery too fast.  :-(
Looks so awesome! Thank you!
I absolutely love textiles and am in desperate need of a text based watch face, so when I saw the Textile watch face, I fell in love with it! It works great! I just wish there were an option to change the wording to be Ten O' Three instead of Ten Zero Three. And for there to be clock hands in the background to go with the time, but you can't have everything, so I still love it! :)
Its not working. Updated android wear to 2.0 but still not showing anywhere.
These fall fashion faces are different than most of the faces I've seen out there on the play store. There is a lot of variety in this pack, so you don't feel like you have just a bunch of "one type" of style of watch faces to choose from. I personally find it good to have lots of different faces to choose from to fit my outfit or my mood or both!!!! I recommend you download these.
Hi. After several tries it still won't show up.. I've tried reinstalling and re-syncing. Still doesn't work. Hoping for help.  Phone: One plus one (Cyanogen mod 14.1) Watch: Motorola 360
I reinstalled it and it never showed up in my apps to use.  I think several hours is long enough.  I'm using the fossil q founder.                                             I tried resyncing and still nothing.
Doesn't appear in app or watch, Moto g4 play and lg g watch w100. No it didn't work and still not showing everything g else works but this apl
Want to watch the sun rise and set over an elegant tree? Or maybe you need to remember a beach trip by loading the flamingo. If those aren't your scene, then try the textures or vertigo for fun.  These plus the simply elegant Daylight are for you!
I could use it with Moto360 and iPhone 7 combo, but now with Moto360 Sport and Xiaomi Redmi 3 I can't. Reinstalled several times,  tried to reboot the watch,  but did not help.
Download it 3 days ago and it still hasnt shown up yet....i have s6 and asus watch. I have updated my watch my phone and uninstallef and reinstall  several times.... still doesnt work
Moto X 2014 and Moto 360 doesn't seem to be able to get this watch face in my case. Tried to reinstall, but nothing works
I've downloaded many other face apps and I still haven't seen this one pop up, its faulty.... I have the moto 360
Had trouble getting this app to show up on my watch. Everything was updated, but had to do several uninstalls to finally get it to send to my watch.
Reinstalled several times won't actually sync to my watch or Android wear, not worth my time!!
Didn't work. Reached out to developer and it still didn't work.
Didn't work at all, wouldn't even open
Tried multiple times to get it on my watch but never worked even left it for 4 to 5 days and nothing worked :(
It's not work for smartwatch 3
Doesn't work, will uninstall.
It has been over a week and I still don't have any of the faces.
I have already downloaded however it wouldn't be launched on my smartwatch
Thanks they look great!
Nothing is been shown in my watch pls tell me what to do
No notifications in ambient mode is a deal breaker for me.
I created the design and the concept, it's exciting to download and experience for real .
Vertigo is freakin' awesome!
Have moto 360 and it won't load.
I love the watch but I don't know how to make some settings
Look great!
No working
Simply beautiful
Not working...
Not working
Great watchfaces. Very stylish.
Love the digital designs.
Won't show up !!!! :\
Sweet
Crap
BAD BAD BAD
Love it
Nice watch faces. Wonder if it's possible to have textile in different languages, for example in Japanese ;)
The background is too bright and busy it's hard to see the watch hands
Worked great on Asus zenwatch 2, looked good, do wish it was a bit more customisable, but a good looking watch none the less. But main issue is after about 1 hour of use image went dark grey all over with only a few specks of light grey on image - so ugly looking. Watch set to screen off, so its not just showing a battery save screen mode. Changing to different watch face and back to this one did not resolve. Good but could be so much better!
Then it blanked out. Must be a bug. Other faces work. I restarted my watch. Didn't work. Uninstalled, didn't work. Love it though over all.
Except when in ambiance mode. The pixelation is bad, but could be part of the watch, not the watchface.
Very flat 2D looks, ugly on G Watch R. Din't like it.
Installed it and it's nowhere to be found on my  Xperia z5 compact. I emailed the devs and nothing. Pointless.
It appears wierd after the first day, its mostly black and has some features of the watch, but still, need to be fixed!
Same as previous comment...install and then cannot find it. Only option available is to uninstall
It worked on my Motorola  360. No problems at all. Did what it needed to do...tell time lol
This is the best looking watch face I have seen so far. Works great and looks amazing.  Great work guys
This is a great watch face. Ive been using it for over a week and still enjoy it. Using it on my Moto 360 1st Gen.
This has been the go to watch face for my LG Urbane for about a month. Every time I switch to a different face, I ultimately end up on this one again within an hour.
As others have said, randomly went blank after a few days.
Highly readable.  Seconds scroll smoothly in the right window, which is a nice effect.  Nice job!
Installs but doesn't show up on watch or android wear app
This face looks great on my Nixon Mission. I've downloaded many others and this is still my favorite
Great face. Easy to see at a glance , clear on ambiant mode. Moto 360 2nd gen
My favorite watch face for my Moto 360.
Looks and works great on my Zen 2 Watch. Very pleased with this watch face
Simple face easy to read. Love the seconds the way they "climb"
It's really drained my battery fast.  Request a refund.  Thanks
His simplicity make it worth....
Just write somewhere it is not an altimeter. It's just the seconds. Duh!!!!!!!
Thanks For Free Watch Face...!!!
Sony smartwatch 3
Using on Moto 360 1st Gen, 5.1.1
I keep coming back to it.
Work perfectly on my LG G Watch R.
How to install it?
Simple, but looks are decent.  Nice work.
Best free watch face in the market.
Nice and sharp. Good B&R lookalike..
My favourite watch face
Bad thing
Watch  Very  Much ....
Great on Huawei W1
Great watch face

Great Design...
Nice
Best
I've tried and purchased many watchfaces without issues at all but this one just refuses to appear on the Android Wear app no matter what I try.
..was really wanting planets with day of week too
The included Moto 360 watch face are more attractive, this should be free. There're better free watch face to download, I wasted my money.
Looks good until it is in ambient mode
Using an LG Urbane and this is only one of two watch faces out of dozens I've tried that is in my regular rotation of use. It's not flashy, interactive etc, but that is fine for me. I want a watch face to tell time and to show off the piece and this face does it. Lots of compliments received and loving the fact it's rocking a Swiss logo, dying for a victorinox esquire watch face and this comes close. Thanks Dev!
sahat
These faces remind me of when I was a kid and watched California raisins or Saturday morning cartoons. Claymation ❤❤❤
At last. A funky watch face sure to make you smile
Fun
Second hand is useless it doesn't work. You have to pay for this because you don't get any good clock faces with the free version. Then the clock faces don't update. Such a cute idea but they have implemented it clumsily without much thought to how it actually works. (4/26/16) No, you didn't fix it, still doesn't work.
A lovely app with some lovely watch faces and widgets, BUT the second hand on the widgets is atrocious and the watch faces don't have a low power mode - it doesn't even dim never mind go 8bit
This doesn't actually install a usable app. It's a shame because the watch faces look cute.
some nice watch faces here. No issues at all on my android watch (LG urbane).  Using free version.
Wow what's with app... No settings, no anything. Could be great.
this widget is awesome i recommend that to all my friends
V nise
Simple and cute
Woooooow
Get the egg clock worth paying for
Cool widget

Is your widget not for every manufacturer? I have an axioo phone and the widget doesnt show up in the widget list? I really like your widget
This is extremely good app. I congratulate the developers for this hard work I am expecting more from you
Nice apps. I love it
Love your wallpapers too.
Good



Super duper cuteis!,
Samsung tab 2
cool and cute ,thank you
Very artistic!
More pls
Nice app
Cute
Cute excellent
So Cute
cute
Good
Cute
Good
Perfect match for Spring wallpaper
Good
very interesting
Fun
If you could please add this feature as I have paid the $0.99 and this is one of the features I would love to see
I've downloaded (and paid for) several watch faces for my LG Urbane. This isn't the most elegant of the bunch, but I just keep coming back to this one. It's easy to use, easy to read, and clearly displays lots of useful information. It's easy to look at and fairly attractive. The only reason i didn't give it five stars is because sometimes when I'm trying to get to my apps list, it deploys its list of current info. It's good info, but when I'm trying to get to settings, well...fix this and it's five stars.
The customization options and watchface itself looks nice and elegant. One thing I don't like is the word "Combo" written in middle. It sticks out too much. Maybe making it more dimmer or fading it would make it better.
Great range of options that are FREE, for now. Finally able to make the watch face that I want. **minor negative** UI flashes on touch eg when swiping up or pressing for more information on weather etc
Looks good but apparently some services it requires are not yet available. As a result it cannot reach my Smartwatch. I'll hold onto it in the hope there is an update to fix the issue, more stars then.
This made me fall in love with my smartwatch all over again.  The level of customization provided by the developer here is insane.  I love this, thank you for making it available to us.
I would have given 5 stars. But there is a slight glitch on moto 360. On tilt to wake it flickers while turning on display. Developers, kindly fix this issue.
This is an awesome watch face - love the options Only thing preventing 5* is that the steps don't seem to be pulling correctly and there is no option to have the steps on the face... otherwise it's awesome
The flash each time we swipe or touch feel annoying and cheap ux...else is perfect, anyhow this is full 5 stars. Nice!
This watch face strikes a very nice balance between having enough customization options and being overly cluttered.
I love this app and gave it a 5 star rating. But it still keeps prompting to be rated on the Android wear app. Irritating. Please fix this.
If you can make a clock handle transparent/thin enough to not cover the battery/date,  will 5 star.
The step counter is way off and I'm not even sure it's updating. Customizations are nice and the faces look great regardless. Would like the option to add steps, if ever fixed, to the actual watch face.
Very beautiful watch face with lot of useful options.. i would say after searching tons of watch face..this is the best. Highly recommended.  Please include more watch faces with lots of customization.  Keep up the good work :)
Shame about the flash everytime you touch the screen.
Tapping on it causes a flash which disrupt the feel. Otherwise excellent.
A fantastic job by the designer. A Splendid job indeed and at no cost. It's something you rarely find. This is a must for your watch face collection!
Better than expensive watch faces apps thank you
The combo is amazing but you can make watch faces that you will have to pay for other wise so just use this instead of buying all the faces
Very nice little app here! Zuhanden makes some of the best watch faces for sure! Well done man
No digital face even with paid version. Also no free premium version for limited time as mention.
Great little interactive watch face for round screen devices. Most of the info you need right where it's needed.
Among the best watch face apps available.
Plenty of watch face options. Customization is fantastic!
Really good job. Just if possible separate items between active mode and dimmed mode.
I've been looking for clean functional watch face. This app delivers.
Need more options like remove hands and more colors
Very good although, would be nice if this app had a step counter
It us the most beautiful watch face ever downloaded. Good
Beautiful watch face. Just wish the background would stay lit in ambient mode.
Temps are only in Fahrenheit. Please add Celsius temp values.
Nice and compact view of dial makes this face simple and good.
No way to update weather. Uninstalled.
Works great on galaxy s7 and Huawei smart watch. Looks good too.
Even better then the last one.. WHOO HOOOO
Simple, customisable and feature filled.  Did I mention,  free?
Adding steps counter would make it perfect.
I love this one very much.
A OK!!!
best watch face, seriously, i tried alot
Nice clean watch faces with great options!
Like it looks really good
Was very excited to find the updated version. I had the old version but it never aligned correctly on my Huawei watch. This version looks great. The only request I have is could you make it so you can't change the color scheme when tapping the watch, but can still use the other interactive functions? With it on I always change my watch face color which is annoying. Unfortunately if I turn it off I can't access anything on the watch. I think the option to select the color scheme should be a totally separate on and off option from the other interactive functions. Thanks and keep up the great work.
Why the weather needs to be manually updated?
nice face
Love this and unlocked premium but when i touch Agenda in edge of bottom-right in my moto360 i see no events, when i have events in google calendar. can you please advise how to fix this problem?
liked it before, now iis even better ☺️
Like the watch face itself, lots of data and easy to read, weather interactive works really well.  However the options around the face (Stopwatch, Timer, Agenda, Menu) seem to be hit and miss, trying to get them to work can sometimes take a dozen or more touches.  I'm using the Moto 360G2 so I'm not sure if it is the watch but very frustrating, especially the Menu Option.  Also although the app provides the ability to change the colours of the ambient mode it does not appear to work, not matter what I set the ambient mode stays as white text on black background.  There is no date in ambient mode which really should be a standard feature.  Lastly the constant ads still popping up after paying for premium are extremely annoying.  I appreciate that paying for premium unlocks the features but it should remove the adds as well especially since you sometimes have to go through 2 or 3 of them to get into the app.  Thankfully once the face is setup I won't have to access the app very often so I can deal with it.
Very useful interactive areas on a good clear display. Well worth the premium price. Sony Smartwatch 3.
Confusing
already bought premium not too long ago..now i need to purchase back for wear 2.0???
Already bought the premium version but still showing ads when close the app. VERY ANNOYING.  No option to change displayed element. I want to change weather forecast with battery info for example.  No option to change how it looks when on dim mode. I don't need weather forecast nor step counter when on dim mode.  Uninstalled.
I have a huawei watch connected to iPhone 8 iOS 11.0.2 The watch face is beautiful unfortunately no button works  Can’t do anything
Very sharp
Works fine, easy to use, looks good.  -I wish the weather update could be more frequent.  -Agenda doesnt refresh unless you change and switch back to the watchface.  -App launcher could have featured custom apps from the watch.  Otherwise great watch face :)
Just put a price tag on the thing! Unless you pay, you only get the watch face with only a step counter as a widget. Dont download!
Got premium and now surprise buy agein... No thank you
You want a watch face I guess u got one
Love the dragon
👌👍👌👍👌
Good
I love it. Very nice job
MEANING,,, GREAT APP,,,

Does not work on my 362 with latest build as of 12-29-2015. Update it won't refund me for this watch face.
It says "WEAR Condition (Disconnected from your wear)"  What the Hell is that? I have reinstalled both Wear and the watch face.
Well designed, take into consideration the bottom black strip on Moto 360, good color options. Latest update greatly improved battery life. Good work.
Goes great with a moto 360.  I can't recommend this guys work enough!  Top notch!
The color scheme and black background are perfect on the OLED screen and match the gold color on the watch. Very clean, easy to read and I get a lot of complements.
Super crisp and professional looking. Highly recommend this face!
If possible can you have like a pack of all or at least a large number of your watch faces at a lower price ? Really like all your watchfaces but can't spend $150nearly on all of them XD
Love the look of this face! When in ambient mode however with the full watchface displaying there are two horizontal lines one just above the lion gate logo and one just above the centre point of the hands. Is there a way to rectify this? If so it will be 5 stars :)
The shiny gold and black works well. Looks especially beautiful on the Moto 360
Great watch. Just wish I could change the color of the hands.
Looks great on the gold LG Urbane
Beautiful look on 360
I payed for this app because it didn't ask for crazy permissions but the next update they wanted to have access to user accounts. Shame on you i deleted this garbage app!!!
Beautiful watch face...I will recommend it to people... It's just a little too busy for me... Still a 5 star face... Just not for me... Thank you
Overall a really nice watch face but the Moto 360 bar destroys it
Good Watchface, but there is one tiny bug... When you are in 12hr mode (I haven't tried 24hr mode yet), and the time changes in always on-screen mode, you get a weird combination for city lights that looks like it's been distorted. I'm using a G Watch R. Other than that, its a great watchface.
This is the best watchface in the Play Store.  The detail that went into it is incredible. My wife who is not into tech likes it.  Thanks for the app. You should do some with other cities.
I wish there is an option to adjust how long before the screen turns off. Giving it 4 stars for now
Lionsgate, nice branding! They have done a great job at the design of their watch faces. Super impressed by these designs.
Works perfect on my tag heuer connected watch. Looks gorgeous
Cool
Watch for Android  wear.Does not work on android gear
Would like for battery numbers to be visible in dim mode.. could that be added?
Professional looking on my LG G watch.
Wish I had color options
Looks super sharp on my LG G Watch R!
Needs an ambient face to stop burn in for us that like to keep the watch on !!
Thank you so much for updating. This is my favorite watch face and ai was pretty bummed when the wear 2.0 update broke the location feature
Thought it was widget
Is exactly the watch face I want. Sad it doesn't fill the entire screen of my ZTE quartz
Almost perfect... How can I scale it to fill my watch screen?  It comes up about 15% smaller than full screen...
Love it -- Please! if at all possible, make it so there's option to keep the 01-12 numbering on the PM side.
Just perfect. More color options would be a nice feature, but more than usable as is. I would definitely pay for this watch face.
Looks great on ASUS Zenwatch 2!
Hello! This is a great face!!! Liked the 24H panel and the sunset/sunrise calculation. However, it is not been calculated now. I tried to reboot and uninstall / install. ... , but can't  solve the issue.  I also get 1 or 2 black screens  (freezed?).
I really like the 12-at-the-top 24 hour display, but this needs quite a bit to get a better rating, IMHO.  1. The sunrise/sunset doesn't seem to work and in that absence has a pretty ugly alternative in the center. 2. An option to display a digital clock there instead would be great.  3. Colors!  Those said, watch faces in this style are SO FEW!  I really hope some options are added because I would change to 5 stars immediately.
The watch face appears to be centred and is too small on the Huawei watch. Otherwise, this is a great idea, so I'd love to see that resolved.
The watch face does not fill the screen of the gear, there is a visible border around all 4 sides. Despite the minor issue, it is my favorite watch face.
A great base for a 24 hours watch face. Now it needs a huge list of options starting with custom colors, a third hand etc. Looking forward to future updates.
Got my sunrise/sunset/twilight shade back. After the 5.1.1 update just open Google maps on your watch. Now just a better font please.
Looking forward for the customizable version. But please consider to make the fonts / hands a little bit thicker / bigger as they were not shown up very well on transflective screen. Thanks.
Reminds me of my YES watch. Only thing that would make it better would be some color and customizing options. Thanks!
Even though the sunrise sunset rarely works. It would be even better if there were some color options too.
And functional. But it sucked my moto 360 dry in half a day and I don't even run in ambient mode
Please add the option of a single hand, color choices, date and weather complications
I like this face a lot but it does not fill the screen on my Gear Live. It's square like it should be but it does not reach the edges of the screen.
With the hint to load Maps on the watch to update Sunrise/set, everything works and look beautiful!
As of 1/12/17, the sunrise/sunset function is working again, and this is hands down my favorite watch face!
Thanks for bringing this to Wear. A 24 hour Raketa mechanical is what got me interested in watches to begin with. With my love for astronomical data, this is perfect.
Great concept, but on Asus Zen watch one it didn't quite fill the screen.
Still the only one i can find, but it will do well done.
Consume mucha carga.
Looks great. If only I'm good at Redding a 24 clock
Please fix the sunrise sunset timings
And open-source! Thank you :-)
Moto 360
Nice but how to upload on the watch?
Love the automatic sunrise/sunset indicator. Thanks for releasing this as free software!
I really like the look of this clock. Can you make it a widget so I can use it on my phone?
It doesn't fill the whole screen on my Huawei Watch. I can't believe there's not more 24 hour analog watch faces out there!

Display is jumbled or won't display information. Useless.
. *for 1.29
Jeez, that's the stuff for chugging beers with friends. Or strangers, doesn't matter, always getting some laughs with that app. 5 stars
It's never been wrong. Ever.
Because Beer.
Gorgeous watch face. Thank you for the free app sale!

Great work.
I wish it cold indicate weather, but it is good as a pure 24hr watch face
And watch looks real nice nice white background we're standout black letters nice job developers.
I would love it more if the mini second dial was used.
I like that it had different Christmas watch faces.
Each of these creations puts a smile on people's faces when they notice the designs and all the little details in them
Cute &love, but, only Rudolph shows time+date/steps/battery% left. Others only date except snowman which has nothing but pic. Add same features as Rudolph for 5 stars ;)
Great watch face for my wife but the ambient displays are dull, and they need at least the date displayed either on both displays or at least on the lit display (only Rudolph has it at all)
I really like the watch faces. They are a simple design and festive. I am not a fan of how they look in "Ambient Mode" though.
Would like the date on all the watch faces.
I love these watch faces and I love when people ask to see them up close.
Really well done
Great faces !
Awesome
Thanks to the penguin Watch face I was able to go to college sliding on my Belly, everybody was impressed by my cuteness and moves so I got galz and popularity and I'm now the king of Antarctica.
Kinda boring in ambient mode
Awesome!  Loved the free one so much that I bought some of the others!  Looking forward to more of these original watch faces!!
Awesome!
Watch faces never showed up.
i dont know how to enable it
You need to travel use time machine
Col

Overweiv
Imo
Perfect for the holidays
Extremely precise.
So easy to now remember who old they actually are lol
endlich weiß ich wie alt ich genau bin, super app!
Does exactly what it says on the tin and more!
Satisfied a curiosity of mine, and that's about it...
So good
Can't it fill my square watch face? It's a shame there's such a large, and wasted, border.
Can you make them compatible with round faces?  Some of the content is cut off on my watch.
useless, stays on for a few seconds then goes into non-xmas mode. settings tab has no useful settings
Awesome but fix the am/pm issue 12pm showing as Am. No difference
great looking watch face
Don't work well on round watches. Most faces have to be bought separately too!
Beautiful watchface for Christmas. Long battery life.
Time and text is not centered. Looks terrible in dim mode. Still one of my faves though. Very festive!
I bought this watch face hoping to get the garland with the chrismas lights and I am not able to change it from the Santa to the garland....update: I updated my review due to the quick response from the creator. Thank you! I love it!
Night and day mode should flip automatically based on timing or sunset / sunrise. Can this be done developer? Am I missing something?
Huawei watch This designer makes fabtastic designs everyone ive enjoyed and still use
this one is my favorite. I love the lights blink.
Such a wonderful watchface for Christmas... Loving it..make an app like this for android phones..please... ...(Christmas fever) started
Really great watch face and great animation... Can you add an analog face with the animation?
I enjoyed it. It didn't fit any style but did look great for ugly christmas sweater parties.
Very nice watch face, but can you please add the option to use night mode as the ambient mode instead of the current one? I would definitely give you 5 stars if that happened!
This is the best christmas clock ever  thanks it's perfect the way it is I recommend to every one o wants a Christmas clock.very good work congrats
Very clean and very cool. Could you maybe add a battery meter? Could be candy cane colored (:
Requesting different font options for time. Other than that great looking.
Text not centered
Lovely! :)
Looks awful in Dim Mode, poor performance
This is a decent app. Has a lot of choices for watch faces all of witch are editable. The only problems I have had has been with updates with android wear and this app updating causing the watch to stop working with both apps.  The developer is good enough to help as much as he can although sometimes you can get lost in the instructions.
I picked this face when I got my watch because it was, well, minimal and elegant. It showed what I needed (including some things I hadn't thought of needing, like battery levels), clearly and simply. The developer keeps adding even better functions - music control and now Tasker integration, among the highlights! Still simple and functional, and getting better all the time.
Really neat watch app. It has presets, you can make changes to those, or you can make your own. It takes some patience to get used to but it is neat.
So many choices for preset faces, so many customizable options, and if your creative enough with a little time you can make your own. This app is "a one stop" for watch faces.
Had initial issues but excellent support by developers helped resolve them. Working excellent on my fossil Q founder 2.0 now.. superb
Not very intuitive or well organized
The app is nice please add support for misfit vapor or pls suggest which option to select for Vapor.
The best watch faces I've seen so far.  If you can't find a face then you're not looking.
I checked several other apps before arriving to this one and this definetelly the best. The personalization is quite easy and really complete.
Don't waste time with any other costomization apps for watch faces. This will teach all!
Great tool for customizing watch faces and funcions.
Can be used simply or advanced without tutorials needed, fun!
Was able Explore next level  of watch face
What a great tool this designer has created for tweaking EVERY aspect in the design of a watch face!  GREAT JOB !!!
Biggest issue for me is which face to pick!! Pretty user friendly.
App works great and watch faces are awesome. Definitely worth purchasing. :)
Great looking, highly customizable, and very battery friendly.
Ok one of the best
Great app for customizing watch faces
Really worth the cheap price. Get it.
Good watch faces design.
Awesome app!
Great watch faces
Good work
Excellent thanks
Good
Nice concept but it is a little too cluttered and unintuitive for my taste. Tons of improvements could be easily implemented but I am not paid to give such suggestions. Best of luck to developer.
Using it on my Moto 360 1st gen. Works pretty stable and fast. Doesn't drain my charge, it's almost same without the app. I'd recommend it. Also, it is easier to make your own theme.
The watch faces are good and beautiful but I can't use it with Samsung S3 Frontier. Is there any option to get refund. Thanks
The weather information doesn't working and the phone battery is never up to date. Please allow to set the installed apps by users in Interactive function. - Otherwise it is a great  watchface and I keep it. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ UPDATE - This is a really old review, I wrote it 1 or 2 years ago and whenever I try to update it/delete it the stupid Google Play recovers it... Anyway, nice, feature rich app, happy with it! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
You can do everything with this watch face!  Will never use anything else.
Yep...awesome
Bought the app. When working with a face, the app will bounce me out and I then can no longer find the app on my phone. It's not in the folder I put it in, or the app drawer. I checked Google Play and it still thinks I have it installed. I've tried reinstalling with the same result. Rebooting the phone does not make it appear either. I'll keep playing with it, but If I can't use it, I'll get a refund.  -- Update -- Developer assisted me in fixing this issue. Very quick and helpful in responding. Changing my rating from 3 to 5.
Love the app! So many great customizations. One thing I really want, but can't figure out - Is there a way to add the day's high and low temperatures to the weather section?
This app really keeps its promises. I have tried many watch faces and watch face designers available for Android, but none comes close to this. Stable, feature rich, yet easy to use - even for someone like me with not too much technical background. Very good integration of AW 2 complications and notification handling. There is fast and professional support available, listening to requests. Well deserved 5 stars and worth every penny.
Incredible watch face customizer. Not only can you download literally tons of premade faces, you can customize your own from the ground up and tweak so many different things that get updated to your watch face almost literally instantly. Absolutely love this app, I will be recommending it to everyone I know.
Favorite wear app that is constantly updated by a developer who has a passion for what he does while listening to the users and is constantly creating new features as soon as they are announced like interactivity combined with unique features like little world's and magic backgrounds  makes this an app where you can have different designs and styles based on your own preferences and moods
It takes time to figure it out and it's not very intuitive, but once you got it, it's really great. Unlimited watch faces, and favourites you can add on the phone and update on the watch later. I like it.
The best just keeps getting better ....with frequent updates and new features added regularly. Customisation possibilities are endless, easy to use, battery friendly and the developer and community are very helpful too. It has a great community on G+. The app updates are extensively tested before each release, please don't leave a bad review in the very rare chance that you have a problem, just post your question in the Google+ community or contact the developer, everyone is very helpful and can normally resolve any issue very quickly.. Update..App now comes with free widget options for your home screen and for a very small fee you can unlock some additional customisations. Highly recommended and great value.👍
Would like to properly use this app but won't find my watch, it's a Huawei v2 and connected to Android Wear but won't link with the app. If I can solve this I will review my rating
Looks and works perfectly with Android 2, buy the premium version
App crashes when trying to change colour give my refund back now.
Decent looking watch face, but every time I turn my watch off the face colour resets to green... Please fix!
Very nice design but weather doesn't seem to update. Samsung gear live.
Not working on SW3 and affected other faces I'd downloaded. Had to uninstall as unable to see it!
I love the functionality, but I'd like to be able to change the face plate. Moto 360.
Is this compatible with the Asus Zenwatch 2? I can't get it to show up in my menu.
Can't see on my hauwai watch new
After both trying to create my own and searching available faces this is the most useful face by far.  With the touch actions it really maximizes the usefulness of my Moto 360.  Design and options are great. Just wish I could use the carbon or metal face with regular numbers not Roman numerals. Hope that will be coming in a future update.
I love the watch. My WatchMaker app is set to F°, but watch is only in C°. Fix this and I will give 5 stars.
Very Sexy and Useful WF, A Must have
There's good and then there's bloody awesome.. Another brilliant watch.. Thanks Frank
Getting better with every update in the next update could you put a option for 24hrs English and miles only got 24hrs English km and 12hrs English miles
I just love the animations and the functionality of this face.
Great looks and awesome functionality! Well worth the money and lasts me all day easily!
Nice
I like this watch face a lot, but the color still resets despite the last update stating that it was fixed.
To access setting for this app on phone, open android wear app and then watch faces and its setting will be shown there
How can i open this app on the phone? And the meter isnt showing on my watch?!
Gorgeous watch! 2 suggestions!  1. An option to switch between the white background by day and the black one at night!  2. An option to randomize between some preselectable colors (5/7 should be enough) everytime I tilt to view! Will keep the novelty factor going.. Will keep it fresh!   Great work Florian! Yummy material design goodness! 😍 Thanx so much. This is now my default watch face!
Like the face. Would be perfect if there is time separation like hr:mm
Seconds on bottom don't work.  Just shows a solid color
Love the look of it! It has a bug when it gets a notification in ambient mode, it starts using color again until you bring it out of ambient. It really drains the battery life if you don't dismiss notifications right away.
Only issues are that the colors reset when coming out of a menu or ambiant mode and that the seconds totally disappear leaving only a solid block of color.
its one of the cooler wwtch faces i've used but it has a bug when going into the app drawer the seconds tab just disappears and it shows the collor only
Nice app
Installed, but can't see icon, or as an option on the phone or in the wear app!
Love the watch face. I would really appreciate if background colors goes to night mode automatically
Great looking Watch face but kept disappearing from my moto 360.
Can't change the colors or features to do so besides on the watch.
Simple and beautiful. Smooth animation of seconds to the left.
Simply Loved It. Sleek and Elegant.
Fantastic watch face!
Rate 5 Stars
A good watch face, but still some overall issues.  When you get a notification and stay on the card, when going into ambient mode, the watch face glitches and stays on the regular watch face frozen until you tap the screen of glance at the watch.  Ambient mode is broken on this watch face so pls fix it and it will be my #1 face
Looks great, but glitches sometimes when going into the settings on the phone where the colours change from what I set them. Other than that it's great. Simple easy to read, stylish and not very power hungry.
Color settings reset to white/orange after awhile. Going in to the settings shows the colors still as what I chose. Please fix!  Watch face look is great overall, though.
Please allow the option to turn off seconds. It glitches and sometimes when it's on the seconds go blank and lags when you scroll through notifications when swiping up to view them.
Looks very nice, but the font changes slightly when transitioning to ambient mode. I have not seen that on other watch faces. I'll keep it installed and hope for an update. Until then, I will use something else.
The seconds sometimes so up and sometimes don't, just showing a colored bar. Uninstalled.
Closest watch face to material design. I love it! P.S. allow all colors for time and background.
I would use it, but there's a bug that when I swipe up for cards and then back to watch face, the seconds indicator is missing and there's just colored strip. Otherwise it's very beautiful
Great for me but please give option to increase size of font/day/date/battery % and also to delete am/pm and put phone battery % in its place
Nicely done, but there doesn't seem to be a way to access the background settings from the watch face settings (long press to watch face list/settings), and there is no accessible launcher activity.
When I open the apps menu and close it
I may try a lot different other watch faces but this one will always remain my favorite. Covers the flat tire of moto 360 perfectly.
I have installed it but cannot find in my menu or widgets bar
Not showing secs on sony smart watch
Awesome one less star. Because the color of the face keeps changing for itself
Just wish we had a color picker for the background too. Otherwise, a beautiful minimalistic watch face
..using moto 360 gen 1
Pretty good, nice & clean.
Battery drainer
Best of the best idea
Thanks
Good design
Multiple updates later and the weather still won't update! Works fine but for the last couple of months, the watch will only show the weather if you do a refresh on the phone app. It's annoying, but not breaking.
Love this watch face, wish it had better color options but it's still my go to for everyday use.  Dev is great too, had an issue from a previous purchase and they got it resolved within a day. Very happy to support great people like this!
No links to texts and email
So far, this is my favorite watch face. Tried free version then immediately purchased full version. I love it!
Only 4 stars because the toggle switch should have a NFC switch and should be able to remove the weather icon on the left of the clock. Other than that very customizable, love the app drawer and interface. Very minimal looking face with a app drawer which I've been looking for ever since owning my LG Watch Sport.   Note to the developer:  look into adding a NFC switch into the toggle switch menu and give us the option to remove the weather icon next to the clock since most of us have a weather widget already on the face or make it a weather widget with the temperature... Seems redundant. Hopefully in a future update
Looked nice but it was too much for my zenwatch 2. Caused massive battery drain, a random reboot and made my watch very laggy. Might be better on a Snapdragon wear 2100 watch
Please give me a refund. Dialer does not work and stopped my Zenwatch 2. Now it is a brick
Great watchface but I wish it wouldn't advertise the dev's other products every day. Very annoying.
You're getting top dollar features for free dont miss the chance and get it the best optimized watch face i ever used .also big love to the Dev team for making this free im definitely buying it
Nice watch face, but don't like adverts for other watches, also listed as free version even though purchased premium
They force you to buy premium access to change anything on it.including background color
Would be absolutely awesome if you could add custom colours for the background. Need lime.
No notifications count?
Layout looks good. But drains the my battery in 3 hours
Love most watch faces from this developer. Super intuitive and easy to use.
Great app. Thanks
I paid for the premium version  on my phone, but when I try to customize my watch face from my watch, I'm promoted to buy the premium version. Why should I have to pay for it twice?  That doesn't seem fair.
Now this is what a watch app is saposed to be. Has all the features needed to be useful. These people realy though this through. Worth the money. 2/12/17 weather temperature does not seem to update, can you look into this?
I had previously purchased the premium version, and loved it. I recently had to reinstall the app and it will not let me reactivate the premium features without paying again.
Was great on LG gwatch, but switched to zenwatch2 and some features not working. Eg weather and fit. Paid for premium
Its working 4 me.
Not consistent.
Unable to exit the fit data screen on my ASUS ZenWatch 2 as the button on the watch now only launches the app drawer on Wear 2.0 so now it gets stuck with no way to return to the home screen!
Please! Add more colors. Thank you.
Exceptional. I work as a paramedic and access to multiple things quickly like stop watch , voice recorder, dialer etc. This is exceptionally well designed so much so I bought the full version. Really worth the money.
Okay, so far this is the most versatile and useful watch face (in the top 5) and app launcher for  Gear  that I've come across. Good job guys!
Perfect, this app in my Sony Watch 3 gives me all the info I need in more detail. And the lifetime of my battery not really changes
I can,t connected my wear to this app
Nice watchface, simple, elegant and user-friendly
Working good so far
Very good
Really, it looks ok, but I can't justify 2 dollars when I can't verify a single feature because they're almost all behind a pay wall
Best interactive watch face I've found so far.  Worth the price for premium.   Wish there were a few more face designs though.  But still loving it.
The pay version is one of the best most practical watch faces I've seen so far. Very flexible and the most options as well.
Love it!  Totally worth the cost of the premium!
Pretty cool..
I find it odd that the time can't be changed to a 24 hour format. This should be a standard.
I like it. It replaces another watch face it does most of the same thing but it has more options. My biggest gripe are doesn't pick up the battery level of my phone, and the phone battery and watch battery icon are too small to read. I would rather get rid of the cloud next to the time and have it  display my watch and phone battery levels. ALSO bought the dialer from same dev. But it doesn't show up anywhere. Hoping to be able to.make calls easily from same face.
Nice clean watch face. Would prefer they drop the weather symbol next to time, hence 4 star rating.
Its alright for free version but want more so pay to get more out of this and not want to pay
Nice
Awesome!
No matter the actual minutes, it shows as 2 (minutes)
Looks great, works great
Unfortunately not many config options in settings (at least to change color of pointers). Also, the background would be much better if it was just black. Please, fix them for 5 stars!
Love it. Favorite watch face for my urbane so far
Really like the look of this watch, I just wish I could always display 12,3,6, and 9
Love the 24 hour support
Absolutely love it &lt;3
Did a reset but does not show up on Android wear . Just isn't available. I have an LG g watch
Would not load, waste of time and money
Only gray face is available for ambient mode and cannot adjust full face on time vs ambient time.
Love this watch face.I get a lot compliments!!!
Absolutely one of the best faces I have.
The customisation app is not intuitive and doesn't seem to work as you would assume.
Excellent
Downloaded but can't even open it, it keeps stopping.
It's broken, black screen when opening
Just a black screen.
Please add a more detailed ambient mode option.
Very nice watch face, but need more features and complications, example step counter, weather  forecast, Heart Monitoring  etc.
My go to watch face love it
I like the biorhythm graph, but I need to more color options,  also I would love to have the current temperature at least.!!!
However please do add more details of the description of reading the biometers values ? Ex: what is F or B ?  Also a blacked out background would be better for screen burn and battery
After some issues with syncing the watch face has finally showed up on the watch. I can recommend this app as far as I can make it there was no specific reason for the delay but all good now much thanks to the Dev. It's the only take on Biorhythm on the wear Platform and so far it's been very promising.
.. but I don't understand why this is running a background tank even while I'm not even using the face.
"Open Watch Face Selection" doesn't work. If your going to charge people money for an app, there shouldn't be simple bugs like that.
A nice idea, well executed.
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Awsome  get it
Good
Would like to see an option to always use the latest photo instead of random.
Great for your own photos on your Android wear watch
Works well and easy to set up
How this start?
Love it
Love then watch face, its exactly what I need except for the color. Would love an option to change colors pretty please! I bought it and will rock pink for now lol
I have one suggestion / question: is it possible at all to have the watch face open the agenda app whenever you touch a colored area of the face?
Dr. Wallach for the win!!!
Of your looking for this type of watch face
I have suggestions to make this go from excellent to awesome. Allow selecting a background and setting appointment wedge transparency. Good job!
Hi,  I installed this watch face to use it on my Moto360 watch, but there seems to be some issues: - I can see the calendar meeting on my watch, but if I remove it from calendar it's not removed from the watch face - XstopWatch integrations works fine, but not with XTimer: whatever time I setup as a countdown time the yellow circle that should show the remaining time at the edge goes all the way around like it's more than 60minutes remaining.   Any clue or idea?  Otherwise - great idea and very useful!  Cheers, Jan Zorz
Pathetic
Can't update weather
Nice
This face looks very classy, operates well, and is customizable.
Great looking watch face and very good and quick support from the dev !
Great watch face.  Love it!
Had some issues and the Dev fixed them and worked with me.  Awesome Dev.  Even better watch face.  Cant wait for what else he has.
I wish the digital clock had a 12/24 hour option. Our, it could at least follow the phone setting.
I'm very picky about my watchfaces and this one passes the test. Well done!
To add another Cavanagh (with a C though!) to the reviewers, I actually quite like this, but think the ambient mode looks more snazzy than the onscreen version! Would be better if there was an option to remove the numbers.
Got premium...  Would like option to remove numbers,  and add Google fit.  Five stars after that
This watch face changed my life. I can never look at a boring old watch again.
Won't sync with my watch urbane premium features just don't work at all
Very well done! I love all of the options!
How cool is this???
Again, low quality. It's dimmed and hard to see. It looks like you slapped a PNG made with MS-DOS onto a watch face and called it a day.
Was hoping for some animation, but 2 stars for a dial that's sometimes hard to see
Didn't work at all. Not sure if its just not compatible or what. No customization options. No on phone app so that could see if it was my watch or the app.
Not that exciting. Other watch face apps more creative.
Really good looking minimalist watchface.

It would be so easy for the hour and minute marks to remain colored in ambient mode, but they don't. Boring black and white. Also, I'd love to see one of the indicator options be digital time.
The app description fails to mention that the actual customization options are located in the main Android Wear app. There is NO separate app icon for this watchface on the phone. Needs better documentation on this description page. My two main issues with the design are: 1) It doesn't take the 'flat tire' design of the Moto 360 into account. You lose track of the minute indicator for a full 5 minutes off-screen. 2) While one of the dials can read the current temperature, it is only available in Celsius. We use Fahrenheit here in the US, but this is not an available option. Address these issues (add moto 360 mod that modifies the minute indicator and add Fahrenheit temp to weather), along with better documentation on this page, and it could be a great watchface!
I like the simplicity, but it needs Fahrenheit and the date suffixes are wrong. It's the 31st, not the 31th.
I love this face, but I'd love it more if the pumpkin didn't shrink when the watch enters ambient mode. Could you implement that feature?
Nice watch face very customisable with lots of options , good choice .
Great watchface highly recommend for the month of October and beyond
This dev makes great watch faces. I have a few.  I like them all. 5 stars. I am a visually impaired guy. I asked the dev if he could do an update with a more readable font.  Within a few hours not only did he answer my email but he did the update. THANK YOU VERY MUCH
Would really like to see this with same color display in ambient mode (but dimmed) for those of us with bigger batteries
I loved the watch face! Some pumpkins seem like they have less resolution, either way it still looks amazing!
I really like this watch face.  I was wondering is it possible to have the option to take the date and battery off? It's such a nice face but those make it look cluttered
Great watch face with nice set of background choices. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is that it seems to display "am" in 12hr mode when it should be "pm".                                    Edit: quick response from the dev, and the " pm" issue is fixed. Thanks!
Great watch face but just needs that one more thing.. See subject :)
4.5 stars since no phone battery option. Very nice though.
So far, so good.  Like the choices for pumpkin faces.
Nice watch face fun and good  options
Looks great on my 360
Halloween faces on the watch are fabulous
Not showing the correct time
Great face....digging it!!!!
This face does not show up on watch. Re-installed, rebooted both phone and watch and still no watch face.
The watchface doesn't show up on my clock?
One of my favorite faces yet,  keep them coming,  thanks
Doesn't work
Some nice ideas but needs updates to fill potential. The round white faces look nasty on a square watch and need altering to fill the screen. Would also be nice to have the option to choose between analogue and digital display like you did with the GBTQ face.
Since last update from Moto360, TME Watchwear has been incompatible with my Moto360.  Does not fit within screen. I can do everything else like set time, change color but it will not fit my screen!!  Shows only 3/4 of Watchwear from TME.
The artistic design is beautiful since I love this kind of stuff and when your watch dims (if you have that feature) the cats eyes are noticeable. Great work dev and keep it up! 5/5!
Wish there was a digital option along with the option to display weather & trackers.
Adorbs!!!
Love it
Pretty cool
Gorgeous!
Misaligned on moto 360
I really want this watch face to be my go to & it would if syncing with Google Calendar only worked. I am a medical student and live by that calendar. I wanted this watch face with the portrayed daily breakdown of several activities on screen at a time. Alas after way too much time messing with settings. It just doesn't work. Thus the face was a waste of time and other precious resources for me.   Other faces sync with Google Calendar just fine. Please fix this, or give a tutorial, and I will gladly increase my review.
Watch is a good concept. But it just does not work. The calanders don't work, the temperature is some three digit number that doesn't make sense, the step counter is way off(just use the Google fit data). I emailed dev about some questions and never heard back. I have the Nixon mission that is listed as a supported watch.
The face appears to install correctly but isn't visible in the list of available watch faces in Android Wear. No response from developer after two weeks, hence one star.
A watch face with almost everything the only thing it's missing is a dialer and if the Dev put that feature on, it would be the perfect watch face so much information  and customisation 👍👌
The weather temperature is 3 digit which need to correct by the developer,I hope as soon as possible, plus text is too small to read, otherwise it's fine
This is my "go to" watch Face.
Weather not working display wrong info
Totally customizable. Best obesity so far. Big thumbs up.
Love it but... I can not get it to work with may calendar, speed and alt do not work, pulse is not correct to default app on the LG Urbane. Would also like to change the missed emails from Gmail to new exchange emails.
There's not a week that goes by that I'm not complimented on my watch because of his face. I'm constantly asked what watch is that and told how much people love it.
Watch face doesn't sync with my huawei watch. I've contacted the dev but never got reply...
Would gladly give 5 star if all functions worked. Also purchased SO 1, A47 and V12. All good looking watches but weather and Solar Events not working on any of them. Update: All functions working. As promised, happy to give 5 stars now.
Love the breakout by function. Transitions quickly haven't seen the bug he fixed. So yes worth the money
Data rarely shows anymore
Bought, installed, but didnt showup not in android wear and also didnt show up in watch (LG G WATCH). Any advice?
Doesn't show event from any synced accounts only the device calendar
Did work good  now not happy weather  and solar not working i have paid for it it should work properly
Awesome layout and functions, slow at times, but massive battery drain on my Huawei watch.
Installed, not working. Synced apps dozens of times. Nothing. Factory reset watch to fully re-sync apps. Still nothing. Ran out of time for a refund. Rip off.
I don't know what provider you use but as I've stated via email and on these reviews with still no reply... The temperatures are wrong. Even now it is 24 degrees Celsius outside and all your faces say 13 degrees for some reason, Google weather shows 24, Pocket Weather, 24, other watch faces show the same. It doesn't matter if I use my suburb as a fixed location or my city (the capital!). What is wrong with the temperatures? And why do you never reply?
Doesn't work on Huawei watch, tried developers instructions.
It does not cache the weather data for more than few minutes. Even if you have update interval 12 hours it will lose the weather data shortly after or when watch is disconnected. ALL other weather watchfaces i've tried, even Free ones keep the last weather data available until refreshed. I bought F03 last year and nevet used it for same reason. Pls fix it!! You have the best watchfaces and one single bug makes them unusable.
I want to like this watch face more.  But it drained my battery very quickly.  I even turned off the GPS.  Is there another one of your watch faces that is better on the battery?
Does not work on Nexus 6 marshmallow with Lg urbane.  does not show up in drawer or Android wear. I want my money back!!!!
This clock is a crock of crap. Hard to see colors can't be changed, nor much of anything else without BUY PREMIUM popping up. May say FREE on the tin, but it's mostly featureless. Then, when I TRY to do just that, it attempts to open Google play on phone, but can't find anything related to it. Even searched for "VizorWatch" as the watch screen says, nothing on Google Play can be found other than a 99 cent ROUND face version of it. Cannot even switch to another face on the watch as Watchmaker running this seems to completely hijack the watch, so you have to open the phone to switch faces to something else. ANNOYING. Got tired of wasting time with it, and removed it from my phone/watch.
Thought the step counter would read from Google Fit but no go
Sadly I have to stick with the watermarked dog. I like the panda but, it seemed so bright but oh well. It's be great if the watch face idle screen was used as an additional feature involving daydream. It's like looking over and watching it sleep...or something like that.
This is something I didn't know I needed...
super app... best wallpaper app ever... including the app "material island"
Could have added many other features too
should be free :(
:-)
Great
Cute
These are awesome furryfaces, would love to see more furryfaces in next update such as: 🐮 🐴 🐵  🐶 🐰 🐹     Just some ideas. Thank you 😁
I love having the furry seal as background!
Very good app, nice features
"premium" watermark
Need to explain how to get it on the watches
Good app
Best
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
The simple, yet enjoyable design of this watch face makes it one I really enjoy! Great job, and kudos for it working on Wear 2.0!
Looks great on my Moto 360, thanks for making it free!!
It looks nice - the location is often a good bit off (could be location services, not the widget), but my main complaint is that the options for 9/12/15 hours don't work.  You only get the 6hr forecast.  Also, sometimes, it just says "waiting for location" for hours on end...  EDIT: Updated to 5 stars.  I swapped out watch faces, brought this one back, and now I have the full 15 hours of weather.  On top of that, I appreciate the dev's personal reply.  This is by far the nicest looking watchface with weather in my opinion.
But maybe give us a chance to pick the weather provider? Mine is off by 10+ degrees :/ makes the widget unusable. Please update for fifth star.
Not only does it not work, but it made my NOTE 5 sluggish and drained my battery. Can't believe I spent money on this. Removed and all back to normal.
I really want a 3 day forecast with high/low and symbol. 6, 12, 15 hours really does nothing for me. 3 days would be awesome. Thanks.
Costs money, does nothing. Can't get more useless than that
Took forever to finally work (kind of...) Had to adjust settings, activate/reactivate, reboot watch many times. Then it just stayed at waiting for data. Now keeps force closing. Will only work on specific settings for a while. Really wanted this to work too :/. Fix bugs and add a battery icon and this would definitely be 5 stars.
The shaded background makes the widget hard to read and then the location name isn't fully viewable on the screen as the font is too large. Not worth the money
Ok i just purchased the weather app for the watch and it doesn't even work!!!!! Is there a way I can get my money refunded if the app continues to say weather not available????
Something happend and today it only said weather unavailable when it tries to receive weather data for my location...
Weather unavailable it says! Makes it totally useless!
Whatever I try to do, the weather is not showing up
Accurate, Amazing, Beautiful, Useful. A Truly Must Have!
Do good
Nice
It's been on waiting for data for over an hour. What can I do?
The forecast in the US is very inaccurate and can be off up to 20 degrees. If you're in the US you might not have much luck with that kind of forecast. Otherwise the app looks great and works well on Nexus 5 w/ Moto 360. Good luck, developer. I hope you find a good weather API for your business model because I like your app.
Now doesn't work at all   :(
Nice face, an accurate weather, forecasts, really nice work,
When switching faces then switching back the widget gives no watch data,  it also only updates every three hours,  it doesn't display 24 hour times for afternoon or show pm eg 3:00pm is shown as 3:00
Why can't I find a watch face with accurate weather ?
Doesn't show celsius on the watch. Configuration shows celsius but watch only displays Fahrenheit. Refunded....
Paid or did not show weather and had Google play services problem
Love the face one of the gorgeous faces.though the animation is a bit slow as well as response of touches.
Please fix the alignment issue with moto 360 lollipop 5.1.1 and I'll give you 5 stars..I love the design
No offset on my updated moto 360 love the color effect choices.

Update
Bad alignment not centered
Offset alignment. Lovely faces though.
Anika.....
Sorry but it looks so blurry on moto 360
Uninstalled
Really blurry on my moto 360 :/
If the resolution didn't suck.
Works and looks as described. Would be nice with more color settings.
Spot on well worth 50p
I love this watch face. However significant battery drain on Nougat 7.1 with a pixel. I had to change watch faces and the battery drain is gone. Hope this can be fixed soon! This is my favorite
Love it
Nice
This is the face I use as my default on my ZenWatch 2.  I try different faces all the time but this gives the info I want most and is very easy to see without my readers, especially with ability to customize colors.
If can add the step count display, that would be perfect !!!
Use it everyday. Low energy and great when dimmed on my Sony smartwatch 3.
Very nice digital watch face.  Displays both batteries.  The display is simple and uncluttered, making it easy to read at a glance.  Unfortunately, it burns through my watch's battery in a few hours, so I can't use it.
I have several watch faces, but this is one of my favorites.
Great watch face for the sony smartwatch 3 good battery aswell
Very good and useful
This is awesome and you can customize it to look good with any color watchband.
Great
Great watch face, developer also adds suggestions, great customer service. Used this face since it was released and never had the desire to change it.
My favorite watch face!
Beautiful
5-stars when I can adjust the ambient mode below 51% without screen blanking out (ASUS Zenwatch) and we can get a steps option, maybe in the 'year' or phone battery field. Otherwise, just what I was looking for.
This app will not work with my gear live. It shows my watch as not connected.  I wrote the authors email and never got a response in 30 days.
One of the better more informative retro LCD type faces. Would also like to see color options like they have on some of their other faces.
All on one screen. Like this a lot.
Excellent watch face. Battery drains a little faster, but is normal for a running app.
Love the colors!
5 stars if following things get taken care of: using a ZenWatch, there's an issue with ambient light mode where if I select anything below 51% the screen goes black (not sure why this function is necessary since the android wear should dim based on watch settings) anyway, next: would be great to be able to choose date format, anything past that would just be great bonus things like, steps, weather, etc thanks for a great watch face :)
Amazing watch face.  Loving it on my Huawei Watch.  Any possibility of it supporting the Gear S3?
I love this watchface design, but unfortunately I use a 12 hour time format and this doesn't have it.
Great, tidy, minimalistic but colourful. I've had this watch face enabled since I bought it
Can't use on android 8.1
I like the look of it, and the option to choose either white or black face. I'd like to be able to use 12 hour format, though, rather than 24. Not being in the military or working for the government, I have little use for 24 hour format digital clocks.
This would be my perfect watch face if i could get A.M. P.M. for the digital watch face and not always on 24hr format! make it happen please!
Great looking watch face! It looks fantastic on my Moto 360 Zenwatch 2. However, there is no option for a 12 hour mode in digital, which makes this watch face useless for me. Nice try, but not quite there.
Very cheerful, only date isn't localised.
Nice use colours and options.
Works great too
the best desgin for me :))
Nice
Love the colors of this face! Definitely a head turner here.
How do I change from analog to digital? Because I can't get to the settings screen.
Nice uniquely designed very colorful watch faces. Nice work!
Digital does not look good square watch.
Wish I could customize the color since I paid
Would be nice if you could change the backlight colour.
Great look but in the black and white face drawing mode for the Sony SmartWatch 3 the seconds for not appear. However, in default the appear?  Can this be resolved?
Can you make an option for the colours to be inverted in ambient mode? Would work well for sony smartwatch 3. Thanks
Looks great on my Sony Smart Watch 3!!!
Awesome. Tried lots of watch faces for my Sony smartwatch 3 and this fills the full screen and looks really cool and visible
Great watch face!
Everything looks good!!! except you need few more tweaks.Like on the (black-and-white mode there is no seconds and when it's starts on the dimmed mode from the screen off mode) Im disappointed cause I paid for this and things are still missing....PLEASE FIX ASAP!!
The watch face design looks sick, but has anyone got it working with Gear 2?
Good
I'm really diggin' the overall look. I dislike that it starts in dimmed mode for a split second when it wakes up from screen off(shows no secs and white connected icon). Please change the clock font to match the rest of theme. Also, the light/illuminator text is peach I would prefer it reddish(or customizable), unless you are emulating some existing watch design. Fix delay on screen mode for 5 stars.
Hi I just got this for my gear live and wake up mode works. It goes from dim white to wake up straight to orange watchface.  Can you do same fix for the motor 360 same A6. I love this face but I am not using on my moto 360 because it sleeps or disable screen on but still first turn the watch on black and white mode and then regular orange mode. It is so annoying. I have bought 3 of your moto 360 faces and do same. Please fix.
Sweeeet
Great watch face just the cards are to big and xovers the time hope to see improvements
After the update amazing watch face had to rated 5 star
Nice watch face with large time and date indicators.  Even better now that it has MM/DD option for date!  Nice to have a developer that listens to suggestions.
Finally added 12hr format! 👍👍
This is an excellent watch face.  But it needs a 12 hour mode for a 5 star rating.
Edit: great work! Can you adapt it for round devices?
The day text doesn't update unless you change the face to something else then back.. Fixing this will make it 5 star
The face looks very nice and it has got great potential, however when a notification displays or a Google Now card shows seconds can't be seen. Will rate 5 stars if you can fix that. Battery indicator would be a treat too. Thanks!
Cant see the time, Google Now card covers nearly half the screen when active
Never showed up in my available watch faces list..?
Needs 12 hr support please. Other then that nice retro watch face.
A nice selection of relatively interesting, but limited, customisations but on my Huawei watch it consumes huge amounts of battery vs the standard options (8 hours vs several days of the same use). The watch is also slow to come out of sleep with this enabled and transitions through a black and white minimal face first. As a result I'm no longer using it.
Settings dont ever take effect and the movement isnt smooth. Worst menu. Google play wont refund. No phone app.
I love this watch face. It's gorgeous!
Took me a while to work it out but finally got it and love it
dont know how to change the different watch faces
I purchased the watch face and it did not show up on my phone or on the Android Wear.
Tons of options. Sumptuous design. Amazing animated tourbillon and gears. A rotor that actually rotates as your wrist turns, just like real one!  And, wonderfully,  you can choose the timeout interval up to 30 sec!  I wish I could change the color of the rotor, perhaps dark blue.
I really like the multi coloured graffitti look.  Nice face! 4stars due to the price as others of similar quality are cheaper.
Love the face but desperately let down by the poor ambient mode.... 😕
Did nothing it never got installed to my device
Does nothing? Change items in Settings, but nothing changes the watchface.  Says it's now "on wearable device," but not so. How difficult should it be to install a watchface?
It's a very elegant watchface and I use it quite often. What upsets me is the weather complication. It does not work. I have the Asus ZW3 with Android 2.
This is the best watch face I've found. Unfortunately, though, the reflective animation does not work on my ZTE Quartz. It would be really awesome if we could use a plain black background for active mode as well as ambient mode. Otherwise, it's on my watch all the time.
It doesn't work with the Michael Kors smartwatch:(
Very classy with Huawei smartwatch. Works perfectly with Android Wear 2.0. I have other watchface from the same Dev.....always top notch
Beautiful and professional looking watch face. Well worth the money.
I downloaded on my phone and when I try to download on my watch, is asking me to pay another 99 cents.
Been my favourite face for a long time!
Does work on SmartWatch 3. Owner does not reply to emails however
Weather is not working. Otherwise it is a very beautiful face.
This is my favorite Watchface for my Q Founder, but since Android Wear 2.0 the battery drain is a major pain in my lower back. I'd love to see that fixed if possible.
Latest update removed changing settings from the watch. So far there's no way to reincorporate the 3rd party complications from the phone app so I just lost a lot of functionality in this face.
No longer working on my LG smart watch.
Merge phone and watch battery widget please
I was using the Skymaster face and love it so much I bought more faces from the same maker.  This face looks GREAT.  It is very classy and understated like most high class watches are.  The problem is everything is not working.  The weather Complication is not working and the screen widget doesn't work. When I have used Other watchfaces from the same maker everything worked. I'm not sure what the difference is but it Would-be nice if they would fix it. The widget especially it doesn't show up at all
Wear 2.0 weather workaround/option  For an easy weather complication not working fix, choose 3rd Party complications, scroll to weather by Google, BOOM!!! You will now have a working weather complication. Back to five stars bub.  Old review: Great face by a great developer. I've purchased a couple of different faces for different watches I have. This one looks great on the Fossil Q Marshal
Love it but, since Wear 2.0 update, the edit cog in the Android Wear app when the face is selected seems to have disappeared. I have to manually open the app or make changes from the watch itself. A minor niggle for what is a really nice watch face, hopefully it gets a bug fix soon!
Was great, but now doesn't display at all. Only black screen. Using lg watch sport
Weather is broken since last update,even when forcing location. Based on other reviews developer does not seem responsive.  Another crappy wear app. Hey Google, this is why Wear is going nowhere.
I really like colorful watch faces in ambient mode the developer is providing. The only reason why I give 4/5 stars is because of lack of dual battery. The dual battery is present on Roger and Skymaster watch faces I also bought and I see no reason to not have it here.
Very sleek look. The glare effect could be smoother. Other than that really great
Weather doesn't update anymore. Looks good but kills the battery and as a result I have to uninstall it.
Weather complication is broken since android wear 2.0 update.
My favorite watchface. Classy look while still being very functional. Very customizable.
I like it
Awesome watch face
Can we get some additional OLED protection options? Thick lines on the ambient display can be too large for the burn in protection to move, and it'd be really nice to have thin lines or outlines of everything to correct this. As an example of doing it wrong, the stock Huawei watchface is forever burned into my previous watch due to the hands leaving a circle in the middle of the screen, and the bars around the screen being wider than the burn in protection moves the screen. The Google Fit faces do it right.
It's so elegant and well designed that you feel like you're wearing an omega, tag heuer, rolex, breitling, etc. Great job!
Looks great, so many dial choices. It gives me the info I need at a glance. All of the dials work on my Huawei Watch. I love the glare change upon movement. Nice touch that adds some realism. Great work!
I Oddesey and Ranger and this one from Zuhanden but I like this one the most. It really looks like am expensive watch. Keep up the good work dev!
The design is very nice but until I'm able to change the settings and not just get a "Unfortunately Sportive has stopped" that won't happen.
One of the best looking Watch Faces available for Wear, the tilt/light FX give it a realistic look and combined with the elegant design make this watch face a classy and professional look for any watch. And the ability to quickly tweak the look in Interactive Mode just makes it that much better. Makes my Urbane look amazing!  The only improvement that could be made is to make it 2.0 compatible/publish on Wear Play Store so I can install it on my Huawei which is running Wear 2.0!
Please make dials easier to read.
Excellent, clean looking, not pixelated. Looks like a real watch!  A+. My main watch face. People have no idea it's a smart watch. LG Urbane
I like it! Too many mediocre watch faces out there, but this one is good.
Great watch. Would have given 5 if the weather field was more accurate.Weather updates spasmodically and rarely matches the weather app on phone.
I really like the neat design and colors on this watchface but would you please add a deep black dial, it would looks really great on my Huawei AMOLED display, please!
Watch face looks like a normal watch but we all know that under the hood lies the awesome power of a super smart watch. Lots of customizations too!
I will give you 5 stars for the nice design...but please fix the phone battery display, it s not updating correctly ..
Love it. Would love a few more accent colours and possible a jet black background with no tilt or lighting effects to optimise my OLED watch.
Big No No om zomaar de watchface te veranderen. Daarnaast werkt het bij mij voorlopig niet, zie de tijd en een Indicator dat er iets gebeurt. Maar dat is alles. En waarom een aparte app? Waarom niet gewoon in de NS app. Toch nog even pogingen gedaan en het is echt een flut app. De app heeft ook geen enkele uitleg. Het zou ook zo simpel moeten zijn dat er geen uitleg nodig is,  maar als ik duivendrecht instel en ik zie altijd diemen zuid,  dan snap ik het niet. Pruts werk.
Ik gebruik de app net twee dagen en ben erg tevreden. Ik mis alleen één aspect: Ambient mode. Dit is geïntroduceerd in de laatste Android Wear update (5.1) en zorgt ervoor dat wanneer je een app even niet gebruikt de achtergrond zwart wordt en de letters wit: dit bespaart veel stoom en zorgt ervoor dat je toch de belangrijkste informatie blijft zien. Op dit moment blijft het scherm constant aan wanneer de app open staat: Hierdoor gaat de batterij natuurlijk snel op.
Extra locaties toe voegen en locaties eigen namen geven ipv thuis & werk zou handig zijn.
Ik heb het recent niet meer, zelden komt het nog voor. Op locatie zou nog verbetering kunnen plaatsvinden ivb met vinden van huidig station. Zou handig zijn als deze app bij de Reisplanner Xtra app ingebouwd wordt.
Op de moto 360 5.0.1(LWX48T) is de locatie bepaling matig ondanks het gebruik van de GPS van mijn telefoon (nexus5). Er wordt inderdaad gepland vanaf een verkeerd station.Is dit iets wat ik aan kan passen?
Al mijn treintijden zijn in t verleden, -488375min. Navigatie is erg onduidelijk. Er is  geen duidelijk begin scherm, en bij ieder scherm kan ik met 1 swipe omhoog naar huis/werk, ook al heb ik daarvoor 2x omlaag geswiped.Dit maakt het wat verwarrend. Als iets langer dan 60min duurt zie ik ook liever 1u35min ofzo, en niet 95 min. Editie: mn moto is geüpdatet; de wear app is nergens te vinden op mn horloge. Misschien compatibel maken met nieuwere wear versies?
Leuk dat de NS ook al net wearables bezig is. Alhoewel ik dit liever in de complete NS app zou zien.
Helaas kreeg ik het verkeerde vertrekpunt. Ik was bij Utrecht Centraal maar ik kreeg Utrecht Terwijde als vertrekpunt.
Super dat jullie hier al mee bezig zijn, het werkt ook al (bijna) goed. Het lijkt net alsof station Bijlmer Arena niet gedetecteerd wordt: ik krijg steeds Diemen Zuid of Amsterdam Zuid als vertrekpunt. Daardoor (nog) niet bruikbaar.
Prima app voor je lg watch.
De app doet het helaas niet op de moto 360, watchface doet het wel
This is an amazing watch face for anyone who loves aviation or anything about it. Definitely the best altimeter watch face for Android Wear 😊
Seems awesome so far. Thanks!
Great for aviation nuts looks fantastic and is easy to read and all functions work.
Great original watchdial
Been looking for these designs and you have nailed each one! Great job.. All of them are going to stay on my watch..thankyou for putting the time and effort in to them.. keep up he great work guys! ;)
Great watch face plus I had an issue and they got back to me the same day!! A++
Very nice watch face design. It's easy to read since every minute has its own circle and has a pretty cool retro style.  A couple of suggestions/feature requests: -ability to change the color scheme -a toggle to allow a digital clock in the center
Thanks
The doesn't load watch faces and you can't see them on your phone
The date overlaps the clock and the clock face is noticeabley low resolution.  (original lg g watch running 5.0.1)
Great options. Unique look. I've downloaded tons of faces but this one truly stands out.
I bought  a watch feature n it doesn't work  properly I want my money back
Couldn't get it to work at all 😪
They all cost money this is basically a paid app
Where's the watch faces tried on watch. no faces.and on galaxy phone just blank screen?????
Installed and selected the 1 free watch face.  My moto 360 2nd gen has a blank face.  That's it.  I rebooted watch and phone and still a blank face on watch.  Would be willing to purchase a watch face if free one actually worked.  Like the military faces
nice app, love to see more watch faces.
free version has one, yes one, watchface.
All 1.81 each. Nothing free.  But all look the same
Empty Market Dont see the point of this - Was Contacted by the developer who provided me with instruction on how to get it working and work great know and very easy to use
Empty on Wear and please wait on watch
I enjoy using this app. It helps me download the clock interface that I like. Every day I can use a new interface clock for my phone. Using it is simple. Just sign in with Facebook or Google account. It works very stable on my device
Tato aplikace vypadá pro mě jako velmi užitečná pro moje inteligentní hodinky. Dostupných je mnoho vzhledů a dle autorů se i na dalších pracuje. Hodinky jsou přesné i  v režimu úspory. Mohu doporučit.
Empty market don't bother
Awesome design, looks like true watches
Doesn't load for me
A very useful app for my smart watch. It has so many beautiful watch faces. Highly recommend!
There are many beautiful watch faces in this app. It's very useful for me. Thanks a lot, devs!
Good.But need more watch  faces.
Allows you to combine your own graphic elements and lua scripts to make amazing watch faces. Some limited sample graphics are included, but many others exist scattered about the web. I can't imagine owning a smart watch without this app!
The different options are endless.. Some faces can slow down my moto 360, but I think that's the watches fault more than the apps'.
I really liked this face. I set it up and customized it. With this face on my 360 dies in about 6 hours. I normally get the day out of it. Edit: I rebooted the watch after installing the face. Battery life has improved.
I am having issues with the watch face updating weather after reconnecting my moto 350 to my phone.
Installed twice. Given up.
This app is amazing! It is the best watch face maker our there. The amount of customizable properties and things you can do is astonishing! 10/10 Congratulations for such a good application!
I love this app so much customization. But when I put the weather app on it only shows clouds not a temperature its really annoying besides that best watch making app.
I am having fun figuring out the ins and outs of my G Watch R, and have found some great faces through this app!
So I have tried a few of these watch face apps and I believe this one has the best free features.  Good job to the development team.
I though watchmaking on the app was  elementary, but I learned how the skins work and I was impressed. You will not go wrong with this app what so ever.
Beautiful amazing look this is one of my favorites out of many superb watch faces the best one I've seen great job thanks.
This app is really helpful for me. It makes my smart watch looks beautiful everyday. Highly recommend!
It's the most beauttiful watch face app I've ever used. I'll recommend it to my friends. Thanks!
So far so good.Not one of the fancy watch faces but very neat and informative watch face.
You can find all kind of watch faces online and very good quality. Love this app really helps customize your watch
awesome app! can download different faces for my watch very easy to use
Very cool app for custom watch faces. And seems new features added all the time
Great looking watch face, works really well. Now counting down the hours until my next holiday!
This app is every power users dream.  Love buying new faces exactly the way I want for my moto 360.
I keep getting a battery charged notification even when I'm wearing my watch and the battery is well below 100%. Good job though.
Android wear needed this..also u can download many watchfaces that were created on this app from other people, awesome
Crazy cool. And a unique idea. Now with more options. Better and better
I really enjoy this watch face.  The fact that the cat looks like mine is great. Five stars now that they added 12/24 hour toggle.
Looks and works great on my Sony watch 3.
Looks almost as cute as my Siamese cat
Awe, love cats
FINALLY! A watch face that's really beautiful! It turns my chunky smart watch into a thing of beauty! Thank you!
This app was completely inaccurate in step counting and in temp. Worse it acted viral by continually placing itself on my phones home screen.
This is by far the best watch face I have ever used, but there are some things that need to be able to change. There should be a 12hour clock and the ability to reset steps because it looks odd past the hundreds. Add those and 5 stars all the way
It is a cool app...but the developer should develop the ability to change the icons....I would rather have #of messages vs step count as an example...change this and it is 5 ☆
Thanks for designing such a great watchface....especially in dimmed mode.
It is not showing up as an option for a watch face
Needs the ability to change some things.
Temperature not showing correctly, parallax option is awful and doesn't work properly, settings revert when you go back into the app.... Why did I buy this?
I downloaded this app, but there is no way of running the app. It shows that the app is downloaded, but it does not show up amongst all the other apps that I have in my phone.  Is this really a runnable app?
How to open this app in HTC phone? Even after downloading not able to open it.
If it is only for Android Wear then it should be listed as such and not come up under phone apps
Download app can't open it can you help?
Don't work, sucks
It's watch face. Funtioning. After install check notification at watch. Install at watch. Done. Thank you developer.
not working.. just waste my time download it
I have a backwards watch and thought this app would be perfect, but couldn't get it to work
Get it back
Thank you for the app sale.
Unable to install. BMW needs to fix this issue at earliest.
Took a while, before the watchfaces shown up in the Android Wear.
Ridiculous waste of .... everything really.
Will not load on Emporio Armani Art5000. Please fix Bmw really want to use.
Installs on Android using 70MB, then does nothing, unable to open or install on Gear. The only option that does work is uninstall which I promptly did.
Doesn't do anything as far as I can see. I have an Android Wear 2.0 watch and app installed. I installed this and waited hours rather than the stated 10mins and... nothing. Uninstalled.
Not working.  Won't install correctly. Give up.
Does nothing. I mean nothing!
Downloaded and didn't work
Won't show in the watch app
Doesn't even open tried on several phone's.
Doesn't work
Not working
Does nothing
Not more not less
Perfectly works on my LG urbane. Should be revized on shadows
Great, it works well on my Moto 360 2nd. Thank you.
Poor resolution
Works great.. Looks great
Plain boring watchface , no customization and it looks terrible

Unable to change faces. Nexus 6 and Moto 360. So far STILL no help regarding my problem.
this is the best bundle offer on watchfaces. very classic and elegant designs
Had a problem getting the watchface to work and the dev support was fantastic and helped me get it working. Je suis Charlie
Is this a joke?  A pie chart to tell me my day?  Crashed my watch as soon as it loaded, and expects me to add custom pics to every event in my calendar.... (and app crashes as soon as I picked a pic) What a waste.  Pure garbage.
I really like the concept but the resolution of the pictures was terrible.
5 stars if you can change ambient mode to show more info
I loved the look , but unfortunately it does not work on my gear 3.
Would be a five star but can't customize,. :-/
Why the numbers on the moon phase?
This is a beautiful watch face but there is literally no customization which I really want.
Got your email sent acc/order #  Thanks for understanding & saying you'll  refund me  THANKS
Very clean watch face.
Looks great
Look great
Love it
Unlike many other attractive watch faces, this one is fully functional. Great design.
Looks great
Yeah
Lovely design.
Gorgeous classic watch face. Would like to have a setting for timeout to show it off between 5 and maybe 30 seconds.
Missing Date window!
I would give it a 5 🌟 if you could change the watch face colour.
Pure pleasure to stare at.
My everyday choice !
I dig it. Nice face.
Love the retro look, especially the moon dial. Background texture helps add depth. Only thing I would somehow add is day of week. Great face!
Love this watch face. Literally the only one I ever use. However the last update is causing crazy battery drainage with the always on option, even though the watch face now turns black. Kind of odd, but please fix. Battery is taking a beating.
Quality no so good comparing to Skymastr. Setting is very poor
Looks a bit out of focus on my Huawei Watch
The overall design and options are quite decent although I would have liked far more options to customize the experience.   There is a weird bug that does not allow me to change the 24hour format to a 12hour format on my LG G watch. Kinda ticks me off
Amazing watch face. Are you willing to provide an option to have the HH:mm horizontally instead of a vertical orientation? This also ties in with the 2nd question I have: are you going to support Watch face Complications from Android Wear 2.0? If so, switching to a horizontal orientation would actually clear up space on top of the time for 1 or 2 complications. It also provides space under the hour/minutes for the entire date, like for example "Just a Minute" watch face does.
Love the look, been using it for over a year on my original Moto 360, just upgraded to the second generation now that it's cheap online and got Android wear 2, it really needs a notification count option since wear 2 ruined notifications, please add it!
Very nice.   Good to find a nice, clean, simple watch face. So many try to do everything, with battery stats, weather, interactions - it's surprisingly difficult to find something like this that tells the time and looks good.
Love that you can change font sizes, types and especially the ambient mode colours. Would love the option of displaying a simple battery meter (XX%) whilst the screen was lit if possible.
When i put it as a watch face on my smartwatch it shows me the seconds the date but not the minutes and hours can you help me?
Very clean, and I really like that you can change the colors using hex code. Well done!
Would like to keep the day and date visible in ambient, otherwise I'm happy with the face.
An amazingly good looking app for my watch! Highly recommended
It could use some more options as others have mentioned, but overall it's a very good watch face.
So good it should be standard :D
I love the simplicity of it yet it's fun to customize the fonts and colors.
Love the design. Only issue is that in 12 hour mode it still shows 00 for the hour at midnight.
Would be great if the hours and minutes could be side by side. 5 stars if it had that option.
I can't launch the app on my phone so I don't have any customisation for my watch
Looks great! The best face I've tried so far!
Can u add Steps count and more fonts please?
A really beautiful watch face! Great work
It was ok but I'd really love a refund
One of the best watch face out there!
I like it a lot
Great watch face
Love the watch face on my Moto and Zenwatch 2. The battery life is awesome.
Really good looking
Love the options. Bought it since date was added. Works great. Would be a 5 star if added steps lower left and temp lower right. I do think its a nice addition to the watch.
Love my watch even more now.  You can customize colors infinitely, simple date is an added bonus.
Battery draining still
Loved the Sony watch face, so I really adore this take on it. Lovely colours and beautiful animations. Looks great even on circular watches. I'd lengthen the time it stays before going to ambient a bit more though.
I had an old Sony smart watch for years and missed this style watch face. Glad to have that style back!
Plaease add date option
Option to show date would be a big improvement
Just needs a date for 5 stars
Really nice! only two things that could improve it imo: option for date under the time, and an option to move the ticks inward from the outside to better accommodate the moto 360 flat tire.
Served as daily drive, looks awesome with a proper customization.
Awesome developer
I had issues with moto 360, developer fixed issue, now everything is working great! Good customer support!
This app is beautiful, but it completely caused my battery to drain and not charge as noted from a trip to best buy. Will be on the lookout for updates.
Digging how well this fills in the square screen on my G Watch, unlike most other watchfaces. Makes excellent use of all available screen real estate. Great job.
When I go into settings to turn 24 hour clock off, watch doesn't change. If you back out of settings and go back in, 24 hour is turned back on.
I finally found the perfect watchface for my g watch r :D
Not working properly
Not sure if its constantly crashing? Or just overall lack of support for gear live. I want to use this watch face and haven't been able to. Only giving 3 stars because I know its a nice face.
Stops responding non stop
Paid for the full version and was never able to get the full features. You might want to look into this
No support for asus zenwatch
Crashes on Sony SmartWatch 3
No lg g watch support
Constant crash
Good
Won't even open on smart watch 3 and note 4
Crashed
Are there any plans to take the 0 off the front of the time from 1-9:59? And any plans to add weather data to this?
Love the big numbers, and the battery level of the watch & mobile phone.
It just doesn't work. Watch says "Unfortunately WatchApp has stopped" and that's it.
Never works, installed twice and reset watch twice.  Nothing.
I love how the zodiac signs moves
I purchase stuff from here before but now I tried to get a zodiac watch it is not installing some odd reason so can you guys please fix this somehow or give me my money back or something
Only wish it had more customization options.
Boring watch face theme... Not even worth a penny
You can stop the stars movement . background quality is very good .
Looks lovely on my Michael Kors Bradshaw
Won't load, isn't working on LG Urbane
Really pretty
Looked better on line not so good after download, don't like how the stars move around....wish you had option to stop movement
Very simple and stylish watchface
Installed on S7 Edge. It never made it to my ZenWatch & yes I know how to properly change the face. I was so excited now I'm not. Got a refund.
Wouldn't work
Clearly a work in progress but you can do so much with it! However it IS crashing VERY often. Using a 1st Gen moto 360 and a Galaxy Avant SM-G386T *EDIT* Oh and the coordinates don't seem to correlate to each other.
Seems like a good app, with a lot of options, but i have yet to finish a face, before the app crashes. i9305, rooted stock rom.  Edit - App seems a bit more stable with the original System DPI. Could still use some more documentation regarding expressions. Seems like there are more possibilities here, than are presented in the actual list of available expressions. Edit, runs flawlessly on custom ROM.  Seems to be a week ahead of my calendar though, could be an issue with the whole week 1 starts on jan.1. or the first monday after jan.1. Turns out this is also dependant on the ROM I am using.
Liked it so much I bought it.  Best one out there.  It looks complicated, and took 10 min to figure out some of the text stuff, but it was worth it for how well it works.  I've made 2 so far and they are better than anything I've seen in other apps.
Brilliant app but it would really help if there was some documentation, I have discovered that conditional (if) statements exist but not sure exactly how they are formatted or how I can alter the true/false that it returns
I suggest developer to study sony SW2 interface. Please add option for phone battery, walk counter of google fit and message preview tnx
Gutted paid £3.99 for the app,  looking forward to some nice designs however I only get 6. Unable to refund
Its awesome but why does it need so many permissions such as Location and GPS and how would I send directly to my watch as a default so I won't have to use the app every time to switch. Also what features are on the premium version that make it better then the free version?
Its not to bad, keeps time well, just wish it had more functions ie; sadly it doesnt have the step counter, phone battery, etc.
I can't download  all new watchface, please check your software.
Can't do more than one layer before it crashes
Easy to start but not a simple way to create complex faces.
Works Well on Sony Smart Watch 3 and Motorola phone.  But how do you get rid og the "OK Google" on the watchface?
I like the ease in which I can create any watch face I like.  I wish it were easier to select watch hands from a collected list.
The only app I found to put a custom image for my clock :)
This app has no free watch faces like a rolex watch faces
Won't send the watch face to my gear s3
I got the paid version.  Works great to design cool custom watch faces.
Bug.
Sony Smartwatch 3 not display
Download your face from Google to mobile add hands and send it to your watch
I please want a refund
Not even working
Great app, really easy to build watch faces
Has everything I wanted!
Very customizable. Highly recommended!
Watch
Great app
Good app
**Although for some reason when trying to change the color to anything other than white on the 'Dimmed Screen' changes it on the phone interface. But for some reason it doesn't send the change to the watch.** Alas other than that it does everything I want, and simply! I don't see a need to look for another watch face creator. Especially with this price point. Thanks for making this app.
Don't waste your time downloading. It doesn't open past the guide screen and crashes every time you try to create your own watch face. Apparently the paid for version doesn't have this problem.....but are you dumb enough to buy it to see?
This does the job as intended but doesn't really offer anything exciting and actually seems less featured than its rival Watchmaker pro,  it lacks shadow effects, tinting linked to time or other numerical value to allow colour changing over time and more. I'm using the free version and really do not see incentive to buy premium other than being able to save more than one watch, but since I don't find it particularly inspiring even on advanced mode, I think I may just go back to Watchmaker pro.
Bought the premium version and it keeps stopping. Im uninstalling and would like a refund.
Easy to use but can you make temperature a whole number?
I like it. Not to complicated. Easy to use
Love the geek look
how to refound my money please i just download it before 5 min
Since i got premium version i am unable to open any top watches it just keep loading. Don't buy this App waste of money
Very good ans useful app
This app is very easy to use and has lots of good ways to make my watch face look good.
Little complicated and buggy but overall, it was a nice experience
Maybe it's my fault but after downloading, I cannot find the app on my phone. There is only 1 picture that shows up on my Moto that I would like to change
Shows selected face for a while, then replaces it with a message to upgrade for more faces.
There is no way to pay to remove ads
Would not download onto watch
Tawatawa
Many options you can choose and the best face for watch I use for my Huawei watch..
Works great on lg urbane
not many settings to customize..  no notifications..  no battery meter or weather
I like it!
Good clean design, looks great
Great look
Awesome app. Every one should use it
Cool UI and other features
Easy to use with lot of customization options
Very good and customizable
Cool and good futures watch
Very decent and eye catching colors :) check out other DroiipD watchfaces
Colors are beautiful
Lovely watchface
It is works great!!
Cool
All the temperature readings are three digits saying it's 525 degrees... What are they all 3 digit values??
I am an over the road truck driver and I like to keep the bottom time on CDT, which works fine. However, I tend to cross time zone boundaries on a daily basis yet the only way to get the local time to adjust is by changing the face to something else, then changing it back. Clearly this is a problem with this face as the other faces don't have this problem nor does my phone itself.   Also, as noted in other reviews, the weather seems to be arbitrary as to whether or not it shows any information. Please fix..
Weather is blank and has been blank since purchase. All settings are correct so the only explanation is on the backend. Watch/phone battery status readings is super small and hard to read. Font definitely needs to be increased. I have 5 of your watch faces and you do great work. Just please be fast and fix the weather update issue. It defeats the whole thing... Watch Face is draining battery while on charger. Watched my battery empty literally. Please fix this and I will purchase again.
Galaxy S6 edge and LG G Watch R on 5.1 huge battery drain.  Please optimize...
The color changing every second is far too distracting. Refunding ASAP.
The second countdown isn't helpful and it should be digital with the numbers instead of analog
I thought the numbers were minutes not seconds. Distracting with numbers as seconds.
Don't really care for the color changing every second
It really needs digital clock
Retro
The changing seconds is annoying and completely kills it for me.
Shity app ....can.t even set the digital watch(ಠ_ಠ)
No options, ugly.
Especially date feature!
The new update changed the digital readout to a soft black, making it more difficult to see. Please allow the option for the user to change settings colors, number size etc...
Love the simplicity and how great it looks. Really shows off the watch when people see the beautiful screen on my LG GWatch change colors
Needs 24 hr option
Love it
Very smooth, I love it. You never really notice a harsh change in color is just so smooth....  I love smooth!
Very elegant design and neat idea.
Awesome no bugs encountered even looks good on square watch faces
Could you please make a german version for the typewriter watch face. :)
Anyone who is anybody owns these watch faces.
A must have.
One of my favorites!
I'm lovin' it.
Really cool.!!
Great design, great colours, great addition to any retro tech lover's watch face collection!
What's old is new again! Fat Russell does it again with an awesome set of watch faces.
Vibrant color palettes and icons from days past! A unique set of faces.
These look awesome!  Love the illustration style and choice of colors!
Great watch face. Really love how simple the design is and the use of colour. I only wish I could exclude some of the colours from the random colour option.
Card size is a bit big covering part of the time, but apart from that the face is good. Simple but eye catching, and functional.
Perfect but just need black or dark grey colour almost black
Only thing is that the 12 hour time (am/pm indication) is wrong. Please fix!
Wouldn't mind proper colour control rather than leaving it purely to chance
I feel like it deserves 5 stars simply because of elegance and simplicity. Nice work.
One tip. Would be nice to set size for time
Awesome
Incorrect 12hr time shown, it is displaying am rather than pm when switching from 24hr clock.
Killed my battery in less than 6hrs
No option to make text bigger
No. No. No. No. No. No.
It looks great but I had issues on my 1st gen Moto 360. Every time I woke the watch the color would flicker and eventually go black with just the numbers visible. Viewing a notification card and scrolling back would fix it, but that's not acceptable behavior really
If the time display was much larger, I'd keep it. For now I have to uninstall.
niceee
Please fix the ambient mode (always on screen)

This watchface looks fantastic, but performance could still be optimized more. For example, even with the recent update, sometimes the arcs still do not move with the numbers. The issue is less than it was before and I would imagine that it can still be fixed in future updates.
I like it but it absolutely drains the battery on my way home which is a huge shame.
LOVE it
This does actually work, despite what the other reviews are saying. The moving parts are smooth, and I had no problem downloading it.
I can't get this watch face to show up and work on my moto 360. It says it's installed in Google play but nothing on the watch
I have a gear s2. How can I get it on my watch ??
Nice, minimalistic and power saving! Works on Asus ZenWatch2. Thank you developer.
Simple & lovely

Rizwan shamai
👍👍
Misaligned on the 360
I've just installed this watch face and I'm very impressed so far. Everything looks to be very accurate and the display looks nice and clear too. Read some complaints about the temperature forecast being inaccurate but I think it's just displaying kelvin instead of Fahrenheit or centigrade. That appears to be accurate too. Very happy.
Took forever to get it onto the watch, as it doesn't appear in AW play store? Now that is finally working I have the bizarre 500 degree temps that others are complaining about. Otherwise it's a cool design and the customizations are nice. Fix the temps and I will increase to 5 star.
Nice watch, highly customizable, the only downside that even if i choose Celsius for current temperature, forecast shows in Farengeit, please fix it and you will get 5 stars.
Not installing on W atch Moto 360 or Huawei. Wasted Money.
One of my favorite faces for my old g watch. Make a Frontire version and I'll definitely buy again
Doesn't work well with AW2, refresh has troubles. On 1.5 It was mostly useless anyway, the weather too often goes blank during the day. I emailed the dev but got no response. Not recommended. Update: still not working as of 11/30/17.
Other than similar experiences to other reviews of being battery hungry,  it's an amazing face.  I get the occasional "android wear has stopped responding" error,  but this may be the fault of the is... not the face.  Thank you to the developers for making MPH and °F available to us Yanks.  Not all of us have been assimilated by the metric Borg yet.
Best looking watch face, but the weather info disconnects all the time. When I use a different watch face I have no trouble. Would give 5 stars once this is fixed. Asus zenwatch 3
It was my favorite.   The new update removed it from LG G WATCH R.  To bad.
My original comment below was before AW2 was released. I have a G watch R and F04 is still available for use for me. The issue I'm having is with the forecast not being displayed correctly. Looks like each value is being multiplied by 14.65, for example the current temp says 20.0 but the next two forecasts are 293 and 293 (the temperature is unchanged for the next 5 hours). I don't see any responses from DEV so it looks like I'll have to go find a new default watch face.  Everything you want in a multi function weather display. Ambient mode is just as useful and in low light unobtrusive and subtle enough not to be obviously a digital watchface.
This face works sometimes on my LG Urbane. Too bad. This was my face of choice for a long time.
After latest update the forecast does not appear correctly (tonight it's going to be 543 fahrenheit).
Temperature has been reading 500°F+ for months now, still no fix.
Doesn't show as a watch face in Android Wear 2 after installation. LG G Watch R.
Very attractive watchface that packs a ton of data into a lovely display. Great color selections too.
At installation on Tag Heuer Connected a lot of the live data is shifted down a little to the right. Now second day it seems to have corrected itself. Looks very nice!
My barometer always reads 3.1 inches but I'm not sure if this is a problem with the app or just my phone.
Looks great
Drains the battery in a couple hours when my other watches last all day. Battery life is much better after threats update but it's still buggy. Best watch face so far tho
This is my 2nd bought watchface from the same author, great attention to detail! Keep up the great work.
Battery drains a little fast on the LG urbane .  Other than that it is a wonderful watch face
Everything you could want in a digital interface.
Excellent
This has quickly become one of my favourite watch faces. There's a lot on the screen but very easy to read. Add a little bit of a distance it feels all of my friends thinking that this is the actual face and not an LCD screen. The ambiance screen is just as impressive and even better that you can switch the colors. I try other faces but I keep coming back to this one. Excellent job.
Keeps on disconnecting in the setup mode. Sends no info to the watch.  GPS and Wi-Fi on. Galaxy 6S / LG Urbane.
I have no complaints about this face, just wish I knew where the weather data came from. Not completely accurate, but not far off either. Possible future add option to choose where weather data comes from?
I know is say's default US, centigrade readings would be nice. This is 2016 after all. Intelligent app though.
It has everything I need. I wanted to find another watch face but no other comes close to how good this one is.
Solar events, fore cast and weather displays not showing on Huawei. Edit... need to turn on phone GPS for weather to work. Then if you want you can select fixed location and turn off GPS.
I keep coming back to this watch face.
Good looking watch face with all the info I need.  Unfortunately that info is mostly wrong.  The forecast says that the high will be 102 degrees at 5pm. Even here in Florida it doesn't get that hot in October.  The current temperature went from 88 to 77 in a matter of minutes according to the watch. Fix these issues for higher stars
Update: Weather is still inaccurate after update.                               Weather displayed does not match actual weather on my phone or anywhere near what the weather actually is in my area! Everything else is awesome. Great design but won't buy any more until they fix the inaccurate weather.
After upgrade of my Galaxy Note 4 to 5.1.1. the watch is connected all good, but the watchface does not show any info from phone except date and time -- all the other fields are not filled with data
EDIT : Fixed the weather in the latest update. Works great and looks sharp. Great dev!
Weather does not work properly it's just showing a moon for all the weather times and even for tomorrow
Great watch face but humidity is not work
Weather and Sun phase has not updated
Nice face would love a color picker or please add a negative display.
Please add a color picker for the ambient color, instead of the 7 colors picker... in this way we can choose a color with less burn in for the OLED display... Thank you and keep up the great work.
Love everything else but the wrong weather. Should use other source like yahoo..
It's like the 90s on my wrist
But In going to love it!!!!! Just like I loved other one. Or more!
It's ok
My favorite watch face
Impressive!!!!!
And settings please!!
So far we've seen lots of watch faces that try to turn our Smartwatch into looking like an analogue watch. Nice to see a dev come out with a watchface that shouts "I've got a Smartwatch, look what it can do." would be nice to have an option to have it display longer, rather than default timeout or always on.
Kills the battery like crazy
Blank screen on LG Watch Sport
Looks good but the battery is so bad
One of the coolest faces
This watch face is one of the best faces on the market that I have found!. The only thing I think it needs improvement in is. Interaction! Click on the weather all and see the forecast. Click on the time - get a stop watch or alarm. The ambient like could use some work also. Maybe invert it. Just make it black n white. But this face is still awesome! Worth the cash...wait..I forgot if it's free or paid... Anyways, little thing's need work. Great face
This is a great looking watchface and one of my faves.   The only issue is when you select a different colour from default, when it wakes up,  it goes orange then the colour you chose...  Everything else is super.
I love this watch face. Its one of the only watch faces that I've found that can pass for a traditional watch in ambient mode. Also the full color ambient mode doesnt drain the battery on my LG Gwatch R like some other watch faces. I have one request though. Ambient mode is always the default orange color. I'd like the color in ambient mode to be the same color that is selected for active mode.
Cool!!!
I can confirm what others have mentioned. When you change the face to another color other than the default gold it will flash gold then the selected color. While not a huge issue, it's pretty annoying. Still worth the money, but it really should be fixed.
Color can be changed, but there's a glitch that reverts back to a flash of the original gold when watch activates just before switching to chosen color. Fix that and it's 5 stars
like this watchface, but little information is given as to what weather api is used; so, I struggle when these lose sync.  Other than that, looks good.. please is misspelled in gen. writeup near the bottom.
I was pleased by the stylish look of this watch face but was quickly disappointed by three things. - After one day of use (without ambient mode), my battery was at 5% down from my usual 50%. I must admit I normaly use simpler faces. - I changed the background color, but everytime the face activates, the default color is briefly displayed before switching to the one I selected. Too bad the default is orange which shows a lot. - Passed the first few minutes, I was only interested by actual time which kind of gets lost in the bells and whistles.
Ambient screen colour doesn't match illuminated option, so there an annoying colour change lag when the screen illuminates. Otherwise not a bad watchface.
I like this one but wish I could change the ambient mode color to match the led color so it wouldn't change from my choice of blue back to default orange color when it switches to ambient mode.
This is the only watchface I have purchased or downloaded that cannot be enabled. Spent 20 minutes trying to get this to show up, so no refund...
It kills the battery on my 360. 6 hours of use and drop to 23%.
Face used to FC but Dev updated, fairly quickly at that, now working again!
Solution? When i tap choose watchface, nothing happens
Very impressed, works as advertised, easily worth the price.
Would like the addition of white as a color option.
Great attention to detail.
Used this for a day and ended up with 5% left by 4pm. In comparison to other watch faces where I'd still be around 44%.   Otherwise great design and awesome information
When I bought this, I didn't notice the Moto360 designated on the watch face. I have the LG R!  Please remove this text us if possible or ć can I get my money back.I can't see ever using this fair face now that I have a superior smartwatch.    :)
I have several of the smartwatch bureaux faces. They are my favorites out of all the choices for watch faces.  Really love the fact you can change the background colors. Great work!
First watch face I've bought, and it's definitely worth the price to me.  All the information I want at a glance -- batteries on watch and phone, weather, date, time, etc.  Colors really pop.  Well designed and easy to read.  Moto 360.
Pleasure to use. Thankyou. It would be nice to have a label option.. I'm another LG GWR nut.
Simply stunning watch face for the 360.
Looks amazing
Overall information layout is good but the humidity numbers can be a bit hard to read.    The analog clock in the corner is useless to me as I'm a digital person.  That space could probably be better used with a sunrise/sunset chart like is found on the F03 WatchFace.  Alternatively, put the battery percents and icons where the analog clock is and use the space at the bottom for the sunrise/sunset chart.  Also, where is the black and white mode for this face?  I would actually like to do colored text on a black background most of the time.  Note: I've seen a few app crashes if I switch away from this face and then switch back to it again but the face does come right back to this is more of an annoyance than a real problem.
I love the customization options but it would be nice if I could set the wind speed unit to knots if possible. Thanks for the great watch face!
Barometric not correct
Must have, very decent
I was very disappointed when I installed this face for use on my Moto 360. The bottom where 6 o'clock is is covered.
I can't open it to set the theme how do I do it plus I love Harley Quinn so much I can't open this app does this app need a go launch theme app to set this theme or something please help me  ?
Great watch face love it!!!!!!
Doesn't show up on phone to add to watch
Not the usual watch face but it looks great.
Works well on a Sony smart watch 3
So much fun
Very cool
Loved it
Thx
The watch face looked nice but is not compatible with gear s 2
I have Samsung Gear S2 Platinum
How about adding widget support? Like weather and steps!
👍
Not sure why but it just keeps crashing... It is really a shame because I really like the design but the crashes are so frequent that it makes it unusable.
You should consider making a pack of all your watches and sell it for $3.99. I'd probably use 3 faces out of the whole pack, but at least it would give variety for other users.
Where is your weather data from? Because the temp shown is ten degrees cooler than the local temp, both on 3 other weather apps and on a digital thermometer I have. Otherwise, great work and definitely useful... Would just prefer a more accurate weather widget!
This is a great watch face, however; it eats up my phone battery..  23% to be precise. Not Cool!
Elegant, classy, call it what you like, but one thing's for sure - it just looks 'right'... Enough information to be useful, not too much to be in cyber-land.... It does look good. Thank you ☺️
Works well, no lag.  Elegant in it's own way. 👍
Awesome practical watchface.
Great watch face
Great dev Support and designs
I do hhmm
Great!
It's a beautiful watch face but ambient mode does look a little off. One other issue is the digital clock is kinda tiny and gets covered by the hands which would be an issue for anyone that can't read an analog clock. Other than that this is a pretty awesome watch if you could customize it in the settings that would make it even more awesome.
I enjoy having a number of different faces and this one is simplistic and elegant. The battery life of my watch when not in use also last longer than others with ambient mode activated.
Does it NEED GPS location?  Can't it use battery saving location option? Because my GPS is turned off to save battery.
Hi, change phone language from turkish to english its working.   Good watch face... Thanks...        (   hello , weather forcest widget does not work huawei watch)
Uberwatch was second only to screen in battery use (phone).  Unusable for me until fixed.
Fantastic Watch Face, only complaint is how small the digital watch readout is. It is pretty much blocked off most of the time between 9 and 3 twice a day.  *Feature Request* Also can we get a Purple coloring for it :D
I love this watch face. however it needs more customisation! for example: what the three dials show, the hand style, the 3D effect of the face (off or on), ambient mode improvements (less detail) and the ability to customise the colour to your preference rather than a few options. this face has potential, but for a paid watch face it needs the extra features.
Works perfectly on the 360 and is very lite on the watch, only thing I'd like to see is some tap actions like tapping on the weather shows more details
This is a really AIO watch face, the dev made really good usage of the DPI/resolution, at least on the Motorola 360 first gen. This watch face includes all the basic information you're expecting from a smart watch. My only suggestion would be to make the dials/widget interactive, maybe refresh the weather manually by taping it.
This face is just great, but the weather forecast is not working!! Reason for only 3 stars instead of 5. I have clouds and "--" instead of the temperature... (Location: Europe, Brussels, so maybe this widget only works for US?)
Not a bad watch face at all. Though there should be an option to hide the 'UBER WATCH' logo on the top so it looks like a real watch.
Nice looking. Weather works for me. As a first offering from developer I'd say a standing triple, would be a home run with more functions as suggested in email with him.
Great looking face, but will not load weather on Huawei Watch. Many other watch faces have weather w/o locale on. Why can't you fix this?
Simple and clean, shows helpful info. Dev updates quickly to resolve issues.
Just uses location alot (only reason i noticed was due to gps icon always showing) otherwise awesome face
For some reason the weather doesn't display.  Could you please look into it and fix.  Your design is really nice!
So far so good. The weather is on there. I love how you can change the watch face color. Very nice watch face.
Got it free with a promo code. Works and looks great on my zenwatch 2 No issues so far
Dev is consistent with updates, looks great on G Watch R. Definitely worth the cost of a soda
this is my favorite watch face. download it no regrets.  ☺
I like the look but it drains watch battery.
Simple yet very powerful watchface.
Simple clean design. Very nice.
Clean and very crisp looking.  This is a must have theme for everyone!
You see these, right?! Bloody hell, this is a magnificent set!
I love this watch face. Great support too, thanks 😊
Minimalistic and practical. Only need option to have second time zone as digital indicator.
Weather doesn't update
The ability to have more than one color should be nice
Great looking watch face,  clean, simple, and works. No complaints here
One of the nicest looking watchface Ive come across
Downloaded this watch face as looks great but after spending  £1 it won't work unless you install another app for £2 so you have to spend £3 for a watch face.
I like this watch face but could you make it more interactive? Like adding app shortcutsto the watchface
Works good on LG Watch Sport! THX!
It's 9am in New York. My watch still thinks it's night.  I can't convince it otherwise. Its been light for 3 hours. If this were the dead of winter, it would have been light for 1.5 hours. This sounds like a petty complaint but this watch face's whole point is to display the weather graphically and it can't do night and day properly.  It's also clear skies but the watch thinks it's cloudy.
Great watch face, simple, clean and great on battery life (with animations off). Keep up the good work, future improvements maybe changing the colour scheme.
Fixed. :)
Plain simple effective, perfect !! adding battery level  will get a 5 stars!!
Great, clean, simple watch face!
Nice bright display
Love this!!!
Very Nice
Beautiful, colorful and fun watchfaces that even a carnivore could love. Seven (7) watchfaces are bundled in; one for each day of the week. You can manually choose which watchface you want or let it automatically change each day of the week. Excellent!
I love that the photo changes automatically or I can set it to display a particular picture. Looks great on my Asus watch. Only one issue, the "A" in April isn't fully displaying when the screen is active. Other than that this app is flawless.
I love this design!  It's very feminine and elegant.  Even the ambient face is pretty- I wouldn't mind having the ambient face as a stand alone face.  One of the best for girly designs.
I really want to rate this five stars but since I updated my moto 360 to the latest OS the text and circles look out of alignment with the image?  edit;- emailed developer several times. not heard anything back within months. no bug fix. no stars. thanks.
I've been using this watch face for a couple weeks. I like that you aren't stuck with the watch face set for the day of the week but can choose any day's face anytime. I would like the option to change the hue on the faces.
This is currently the best looking watch face you can get on android wear. Everyone thinks I have the new apple watch.
One of the prettiest watch faces! Works well with LG G Watch R and Sony SmartWatch 3 SWR50.
My favorite watch faces are Thursday and Sunday. The design is clean and beautiful, and it's easy on the battery!
...the text doesn't appear underneath the time on the watch face on my Moto 360
The letters and the numbers could be bigger to improve the readability. Also the circle could be thicker too. I use a asus zenwatch
Tried on my Sony SW 3 but I get nothing. Tried everything.
love it, looks beautiful on my LG G watch. except maybe Saturday face.
Cuts off the month on my 1st Moto 360.
You have to have your watch updates lollypop before it works. You Didn't try waiting by our patients!!
I wish I could make the clock face larger
Did not work....... Keep force close
The letters should be bigger though
One improvement is it possible to add the battery percentage?
One of the prettiest watch faces.
Freshhhh and feminin design
It downloads fine, but does not install. Please help
Gorgeous design. One of the prettiest since 5.0.
Awesome!!!
Looks great on my moto 360 and works great!
Doesn't work...
Love everything about it
Looks so pretty
Nice idea!
Love the faces
Prettier than expected
I have moto 360. The text and circle is out of alignment. Otherwise it's cute.
LG G Watch R 5.0.1
Very nice. Don't listen to idiots. Read the description. You need the latest Android 5.01 update for these watchfaces to work properly.
A little on moto 360 2nd.
The non animated passive mode actually looks better. Can you put an option for that to be the normal face too?
Thanks for making this, looks awesome. Would be even better if hand width and color (for example brighter) can be changed
Looks like a classic VHS viewfinder playback at low contrast and saturation.
Great face I just wish it was a little brighter. It's crazy dim compared to other faces.
Awesome watch face. Thanks for making this
Nuff said
how to use the passive mode?
Looks very nice
Clearly the developer is just winging it in terms of implementation. The watch faces look nice but this clearly is not following normal Android Wear practices. The user experience just on the instructions alone just screams problems.
Very nice looking watch face
Best looking minimal watch face

Yeah
It was fine but a recent update asked for a ridiculous number of permissions for a freaking watch face. Seems sketchy, uninstalled.
This watch face is almost perfect, but ambient mode doesn't have any anti-aliasing, and it's a bit annoying to look at.
Good sophisticated look and not an overload on customization.
Too many permissions required by the latest update.
No thanks, deleted.
Very nice design that transformed my moto. Thank you
Completely loving this watch face..
Great job. Love  its very  simple
Excellent
Not bad
Cool & vary decent watchface looking awesome on my android wear :)
Ok
Sweet!!!  Tells the future!!
Super sweet design!¡!
Updating my review.  Installation was a little wonky on the first attempt, but smooth on the second.  Set permissions on my phone for location based weather and that was it.  Beautiful and simple interface on watch for settings and a clean looking watch face have earned this a 5 star rating from me.  I looked for a good material design watch face long ago, and this one fits exactly what I was looking for.  It seems to be good on battery life, although I will wouldn't be upset to have a phone battery indicator in addition to the watch battery.
Very nice and clean design. Would like the current temperature display on the main screen though - maybe opposite battery indication.
Really like the simplicity of the material design of this watch face. It is nice to have the weather and battery status available at a glance. Definitely work trying if you like the material design.
I absolutely love the design of the watch face. I just wish that it had the ability to show the phone's battery and notifications on ambient mode.
Nice, clean, easy to read watchface. Only thing worth mentioning is that the date shows up ending in 'th' even when it should end in 'nd' or 'rd' so 23th of September instead of 23rd for example .
I love it!  :)
Really cool idea, but you can't customize the time format at all
Actually looks better than the other material design watch face but needs customisation and weather/temperature.
Long time  to install  but not open better  no buy
I was having trouble opening the free version of this app, so I figured that I'd probably have much better luck if I just got the Pro version, so I spent the money. Well, I've been waiting LITERALLY for 20+ minutes, and the app STILL won't open. At the start, it tells you to expect a 1 - 3 minute wait for the app to connect, which was fine if it ACTUALLY OPENED within that time-frame, but I'm STILL waiting & NOTHING. I might as well get my money back and wait for the app to open for free. Sorry.
Doesn't open at all in my device.
Good one
Beautiful
I want my money back
Not working
The app names is misleading, it does not have an altimeter display that actually reads altitude. Waste of money.
Aviators and non-aviators alike will love this watchface at any altitude.
Not compatible with my iPhone 6, otherwise very cool
It looks awesome on my Moto360!
Great job on letting me be geeky with respect to android and aviation while simultaneously telling time!
Nice
It's totally amazing watch face, I love it
Lovely watchface...try it...
Simple, yet pretty.
I absolutely love this watch face! There's one problem though, and I don't know if it's a problem with the watch face or Android wear, but sometimes when in ambient mode, it doesn't draw black and white mode. The screen gets "stuck" when the screen goes into ambient mode.. I'd love to see this issue resolved! Great work!
Not only is this watch face cool as it is but you can customize it also! 😍
Weather data not very accurate.
I imagine that if the windspeed actually was 295 km/h I would not be able to go outside...
Nice face. Colors galore. Compliments any situation.
Fixed now, thank you :)
Moto x cool design though
Looks okay color options are limited. I like all the info it provides but not functional
Tried this with my moto360 second gen when the one for Android wear would not work right, and what do you know, there both not working as advertised.  I cannot select the watch face.
I don't ever comment but this app really helped with my battery life it made a huge difference I gave 4 stars because of 24 hour clock but other than that it was worth buying
Digging the simple and cheery colours a lot! Been using it all day and am so surprised at how much battery I have left with only one charge! I don't know how they did it but this has seriously made me love my watch even more, more than any other app I've downloaded because a big problem for me is how quickly the battery gets drained. I've been following Emerald Software for its past few releases and I must say that I am very impressed with the quality of the apps they produce. Big thanks to the team!
Basic telling time with day and date. Great.
All ways watch in ready vikash
Please help, ive bought the pro version too, but nothing shows up in my phone or watch. NOTE 5 & MOTO360.
Impressive. Simple watchface with good features.
Great work Dev! The only thing missing from this face is phone battery percentage - Update 6/12 thanks for responding Dev! Will buy the pro version to support your efforts
Great app! Very detailed work. It is obvious that it the developer is a runner, as it covers simple things for the amateur athlete. Thanks!!
It doesn't confuse you with unnecessary extras. Very smart!! Great job!
If you want your smart watch to work as a watch plus some info from the sensors you have to install it. Ideal for office clerks that they want to keep the battery until the evening workout ;)
Just the information you need provided by easy swiping back and forward. Simple design and longer battery life
Hello, just purchased this and i am not sure what i am doing wrong, i cant seem to turn on the DIM mode to only have the hands showing. for some reason i can only change the date, day of week, and smooth second hand. The notification size and Dim mode are not working :c
One of my favorites and I bought a lot!
Looks preety nice.. But how do I remove the battery indicator from the middle? I dont see it in the pics in the playstore.
It doesn't work on my moto360. The watch face is all messed up
The preview looks nice but in reality it's all out of alignment
Complete crap
Does not work at all i want a refund
Great app.
If possible can we get the option to disable the background and just have the characters against a black background??
Low res isn't great though.
You have a great idea, but the lack of high resolution kills it for me.
Can't even find it on my phone so I can use it. Where is it?? Does not work or show up on my phone. Give me back my dollar!!
Excellent app!  I'd really like day and date options, to make these faces more watch like. I'd love a slideshow capability. Also, fix bug - app doesn't handle extra wide photos properly.  Then 5  stars.
I like this app to personalize my watch with my pics, but I would like to see two options added: 1) Please give me the option for a digital face, or at least some extra info during ambient like bat power and date. 2) I would have loved it if I could pick a few pics at a time and the watch will periodically switch the pics automatically. However, for a dollar, I recommend it.
I wish I had more options for the actual watch function, but the upside of getting to make my watch face any pic I want is worth it.
Would like to see digital added though
This is a great app!
Great app

Only thing that could be changed are the hands. They are not detailed and glossy enough. That seems to be the case for most watch faces independent of the developer. Overall great concept and more cities would likely lead to more revenue. Thanks for putting this one up for free.
Love the classic feel.. Parisian theme only makes it better.. Roman numerals perfect for that vintage look.. The hands cud've been glossier.. But overall I'd definitely recommend
Broken on the Huawei watch. Doesn't line up with the face.
Face does not center on moto 360
It was totally off centre? Couldn't look at it
Looks excellent on my Sony Smartwatch 3. The time is NOT hard to read despite what other critics are saying. The only thing it lacks is configuration to display a date also but I like the fact there are no in-app purchases and that it doesn't require any permissions. Exactly how it should be and it does exactly what it says it does. Well done!
Tried loads of watch faces but none compare to this one. It's just way cooler than every other one. My friends say the same. Shame as I'd like a change now and then but the face is a part of me now haha
I hate the new font. Next time don't introduce such a drastic change without giving users a way to choose which font they want. New version still hasn't fixed this.
I really like this one. My only wish is that the app icon didn't occupy the app drawer on my phone since all of the options for watches these days can be handle directly through the Android Wear app. Great watch face Dev! 👍👍
My daily watch face. Beautiful simplistic watch face. Font is spot on too. My only complaint (!) I would love to be able to slow down the falling text, might just be me it just looks a little too quick. If there was an option for fall speed adjustment that'd be great. But still one of the best out there. Asus zenwatch.
The new design is horrible please bring back the old one! I'd be willing to pay to have option to change the clock font.
I really like the app and do not mind the font, however,  it would be awesome if a settings area was added where the font could be changed,  time can be set to military,  and date could be turned on. My biggest issue is that there is no date.
Please give us the option to change the font, the current one looks like dogshit and it's the only reason why I do not use this face.  Also, maybe give us the option to change the scrolling speed of the vertical "code" wall.
Sorry was speechless for a second. Jus downloaded abot 5 different watch apps. Downloaded this one, then deleted the rest. Like guy said whether you like The Matrix or not this is pure awesomeness.
Unfortunately the vendor does not refund as others do. Very poor business ethic. I would strongly recommend NOT purchase this watchface.
Used to have a fossil watch with this face,  lived everything about it,  love everything about this face. To all the whiners moaning about fonts and colors, his source code is listed, you can fix it, I've got faith in your obviously superior skills.
Well, it bricked my watch. That's super awesome fun time. Now I get to learn how to reformat a moto 360 without any operating system. Never again will I try this.
Please disregard reviews from the crying babies that complain about what is a good improvement in design, and lends better to the face's theme. Also text seems to scroll more smoothly on my 360 since the update. Good job, keep it up guys.
It is great but please make an option to switch to the old font style and will give 5 stars. I can't read this one although it fits better with the design.
Please allow customization of the font to use the old one at least. The animated background is phenomenal but the font makes this not usable.
This is really great. I would like if I could adjust the idle timer though, it goes back to ambient too quickly. And maybe some interactive elements would be cool, like being able to launch an app by tapping a spot. And maybe a little bit of animated scrolling symbols in ambient mode? Even if it's just 1fps?
I can not read the time on my moto 360 without really looking at my watch. This is super annoying!!!I am not sure why we can't adjust how the numbers look or add the date.
I liked the earlier fonts more . this look more like a digital background with a gothic text that does not go well together. Also i liked the top aligned text on moto 360 . in case of notifications too time was not hidden . please add a small date widget at bottom.
The scrolling code speed is just a little faster than how it was in the film, but who's splitting hairs over that? Only wish the time font was a little more clear to read. Other than that this is one of the best watch faces I've seen for the Android.
Doesn't quite have the effect I'm looking for. But then I'm a Matrix fanboy so my standards are a bit high.
Great watchface for my Moto360. Been using it for months. People complaining about the style change need to remember this watchface is $FREE.99, so stfu.
This watch-face looks incredible and works flawlessly, with minimal battery usage... Aside from my own watch-faces (that I have created), this is quite literally one of my favorite watch-faces! Whether you're a fan of "The Matrix" franchise or you just want something that looks cool (love the font, too!), this is a great place to start.
Does a great job of being matrix like.   However the source code that falls is moving way to fast.   If its slowed down to how it is in the movie,  it would be worthy of a higher rating.
I agree.  Looks nice when all glowing but on white time out it looks horrid to me.  The old font was much easier to read at a glance.
I have a few watch faces now but this is by far my favourite even if you don't like the matix films this still looks cool
For me is nice original is not perfect but  good  job .the work of others must be respected can you give more options  I give you thank you
I tend to stick to the built-in watch faces for my moto 360 mainly because they're the only ones who let me have a decent battery life on the watch.  I downloaded this face today and love the look of it but my battery lasted less than 5 hours of normal use.
Please make an option for old the style. The new one is waaaaay too fancy
Now not so much.  Font is hard to read.  Deleted.
Why military time only? It wouldn't be difficult at all to implement both time modes, so why military time over standard am/pm ? I'd like this a lot more if I were a soldier or a doctor/nurse but oh well..
Add a functioning settings menu so users can change the effect speed, it's waaaay too fast to resemble classic matrix code...look it up.
Doesn't work, it never loads on device or phone. Don't waste your time with this broken app.
Maybe options to slow down the background text and options to add day/date to the face
Looks OK just like the movie but where is the customization? I would rate higher but then it would be f as lse advertisement!
There is more small things that could had been done
Designed with no gimmicks. I love to find apps that do not add permissions to there app just to have them. Thank you for your work.
By far one of the best faces that ive downloaded for my moto 360 and it was free couldn't ask for more nothin more to say. Thanks bruh
Nice to have. No permissions, good developer
Complete waist of time and space. Downloaded but doesn't work at all.
it had the date and temperature showing somewhere in the encoded matrix. You can do  it.
Awesome watch face but it has no customization options. It'd be a 5 star rating if it did. And what is "environment mode?
doesnt work on my lemfo les 1, lost 2dollars fast.
Making ya boy work the weekends is just a shame, let him go to the movies and dinner with the wife! Otherwise, great watchface, I feel like me and Herr Schmidt have a connection. He knows me.
It is a very interesting and extremely innovative idea. Nevertheless there is a definite code improvement. The current version is heavily draining the battery. Hopefully, the next version is getting better.
I have only one complaint......no date! Or am I missing a setting somewhere?
It would be nice to see him doing some weekend activities but otherwise beautifully done watch face
Didn't test it yet on my watch but I'm using it on my phone and is absolutely adorable. It was easy to set up and works flawlessly
Not compatible with 2.0
I love this watch face at the point that I opted for the paid version. It is simple and clean: very few options, but who cares when you can see Herr Schmidt throughout his day in these wonderful drawings! Disappointing are only the reviews, hundreds of 5 stars from people who don't seem to know the actual watch face.
Very classy and fun how Mr Schimt's daily routine matches mine. Hell I even look like him.
Simply amazing, and a great concept.   Brilliant.   Thank you for adding 12 hour time!   I love it!
its very good Amazing!!!!
Amazing App and Watch is very Light... I love it.
Great work the game is really interesting
great app, i like this
Simply exquisite design, I must say. I love how you can change not only the shape of the watch face, you can also change the background, which is cute little scenes like shown here. If you're looking for a nice, simple alternative watch app, don't hesitate with this one. I'm in love with this designer's way of turning it into something beautiful!
I love the colors and textual look in the artwork.  You can let the designs shuffle or pick your favorite. The clockface can be round or square, plus you can resize on your home screen.  The clock works great!
I was seeking alternative clock widgets until I found this one. Very unique design! I can change the form to circular or square and also the background pictures. It's customizable. Would be great if there's option for changing fonts.
Interesting and clear pictures, however it would be better with a date and day. And yes. The option to click on the time to show the date would be nice!
Love to be part of Mr. Schmidt's life every day. Makes me want to check the time again and again
Images are cute and well done... but at the same time creepy
I love how this app doesn't need any personal information!

This is one watch face that just keeps getting better and better.
You can pretty much customize the whole watch face now. Love the new features!
I have never bought a better watch face.. Moto 360 ....apart from his other's...
No question ask. This is a must. Be sure to check the community
Best face I've found so far. Easily read with all essential day present.
Great watch face, I love the aesthetic of the little worlds on the moto 360.
Really love the look and the customization options. It's simple, minimal, and very neat.
This face is very class. Color and other customization options are impressive. 5 ✨
Looks superb on my Moto 360, and seems to be very good on battery life!
Works well. So many customization options. Now my primary watch face.
Simply the best android wear watch face ever. Love the customization options.
Best watchface I've found. Loads of options, and very well crafted and presented.
Brilliant, smooth, and works like it should for my Moto 360. Thanks mate.
It works, doesn't kill battery and is a different spin on 'digital
Good operation, battery, wish it had more customizations and lines
My number one
I love the customization you can do!
Just simply the best watch face suites my taste.
Very nice watch app with good graphics.
Nearly perfect: minimal without being too weird or hard to read, and uses a smooth, sweeping second hand.  The only thing missing is complications support, and some little touch of color, maybe an option to change the color of the hour and minute circles?
Best I've used on my moto 360, and I've had one since release. It's elegant and easy to read, and I constantly get compliments from other people.
I like the simplicity and the animation seems to function very well. A few options would be nice like inverting the colors.
Elegant in its simplicity. Would like to see some color options added.
But the numbers aren't all readable. For instance, the 4 is not a recognizable digit. Also, something extra like the date or steps or something would be nice.
Love the look, but some of the numbers are unrecognizable.
Numbers unreadable
Not bad to
Leaves heart rate monitor on all of the time. Either runs down battery quickly or causes watch to crash on my Samsung Gear Live.
Drains battery very quickly due to running the heart rate monitor at all times. Otherwise nice watch face
and having hard time changing the time to 12 hr mode, it's always at 24hr
Useless
I wish it worked on my NO.1 D6. Love the idea. Very good. But I don't know how it need be launched, or do it work on my watch. This is the best watch skin I ever seen. Very well done.
Please  fix the 6 is cut off
Great watch face but it would be better if you could add extra widgets
Superb colors and cool animation!
This one is awesome. I like the colors and the animations. It would be great to see more features coming!
Awasome animation and cool colors!
Cool colors!
But make it 12 hour please
Thanks to developer for resizing the display where practical. Now fits the Sony Smartwatch 3 screen very well. Looking forward to future additions to this watchface.
Add some more color options please like red
Really like this app love the customization abilities ❤💚💜💙💛
It's clever and has just the right customizations, but now it wont let me change color theme to anything but blue grey. Can you fix? - somehow the issue is resolved. It is changing color theme just fine now!
If I won't be able to charge watch throughout the day I have to run a stock watch face. But I normally don't care because I like this one so much.
No ambient mode. Color setting is not working . limited time available app. Waste to use. Not even one positive to use this app.
Garbage.
On my LG R Watch Urban the graphics does not fill the clocks display. It's a five star rating if that would be corrected plus the ability to do other colors ;-) Also us that are not constrained by the Moto 360's 'flat tire' would be nice if we could utilize that part for something. Maybe the pedometer? Also a 24 hour setting would be really nice for us not on the am/pm side of things :-)
hi. I meant maybe a tap active area to pop up day of week/date as I think showing on main display might be tricky..cheers
I absolutely love this thing and even the features are free sure you do not get detailed information about steps and battery but you do get an Idea and the phone battery didn't work but I still absolutely love it.
Small face is hard to read on my Smartwatch 3, plus the card preview covers up the face instead of staying below it.
Very nice and unique. Makes any watch stand out. Additional colors will make this a 5 star watch face.
Face is very nice. Additional colors would be a good feature though
Downloaded and uninstalled several times.  The program does not have a open option.
All I'm missing is a 24h option.
Running in background even if it's not set as watch face!
Does not support always on screen
I love this watch face, but my steps aren't working
Yeah nice design and and gets plenty of attention  Good Job.
And gorgeous.  Thanks DEV.
Read description before downloading to see if your model is compatible
The face look very nice and cool but I got the full version to get weather and to unlock my phone battery meter. But the face doesn't show my phone battery only the watch battery and the weather is really off compared to what my phone says, is there something I'm missing or something I haven't done?


Absolutely stunning
Nice
Very cool
Nice watch
For U.S. residents that are not military/fire/police or rescue 24hr mode is useless. The face is beautiful, but until 12hr mode is added this face is useless. Sorry.
12PM is displayed as '00' please fix. Clean design. Would be nice if there would be an option to switch to an actual Ying-yang design watch face.
Would be nice to have the option to display 12 hour format... Update?
There is no 24h format and at noon its saying 00:00 instead of 12:00 this should be fixed at least
I really like it, but I wish it had options
Doesn't work on samsung gear
This app almost has all i wanted .  but just wish it would show how many notifications i have waiting to view.. will that be implimented soon? and maybe also no image in ambient?  thank you!
I like this watch face but the tiny text only gets worse in Ambient mode. And the background becomes a gross distortion of black and white. I would have preferred the background disappeared completely in Ambient. A solid black background with clear and legible numbers and letters. Asus ZenWatch 2.
Paid for premium to support the mustache one by this dev, turned out to love this one just as much! Going to go buy the third face to support this team. Best part is they don't need any unreasonable permissions!
Need more options to control the fonts and to make it bold or bigger.
The best
Excellent. How had I not seen this watchface before
Only shows yesterday and today's calendars. And would be nice to have a month/day option instead of day/month. And, somehow totally froze up my Moto 360 1st gen and I had to reset it. Uninstalled.
The short notification cannot be turn off. Great to have function to adjust font size
The weather part does not seem to want to function on my moto but everything else does.
Nice, looks awsome
Exactly what I've been after, battery, weather and agenda info at a glance, with more detail at a touch. Custom background is awesome. Although to be honest, I set the top panel to full transparency!
Really like it! Any chance we'll have the ability to change the transparency for the tile in ambient mode eventually?
I like it. The watch face looks good. I wish it was a bit more customisable though, I'd like to see options particularly for giving the weather a bigger focus and showing upcoming days. Perhaps some optional text on the bottom half?
I like how simple the face looks but would like so see some options if the thickness of the text and the size.  I have the g watch r and in ambient it would be nice to have the date and text bigger.  Other than that like your other face since the update keep it coming
Great app but could use more options for customization like ambient timeout & font size (time area takes a lot of space yet the date you can hardly read).
Really enjoy this watchface. I wish I could make the text for batteries and date a little larger. Would also like to be able to disable the seconds when the face is awake.
Nice and clean watch face. Awesome support from developer.
Really liked your mustache watch face so I figured I would buy this to support you. It would be nice to have analog on this one too. Keep up the good work!
In my opinion not worth a price, would be nice to see it free. Watch face is very difficult to read.
The only nice looking watch face on my smart watch. Everything else looks too tacky, or too digital. I like having my watch look like a traditional watch face, but all the defaults look too cheesy with how 3D and bubbly they all look. This is simple, has a nice pointed look to the hands like a real watch, and a nice muted navy blue that doesn't look like an LCD generated polygon cartoon. Something an adult can appreciate for a change.
The look on this watch is beautiful. I tried trying with the color settings and it's just too difficult for the average Joe to mix colors and transparency for the color he/she wants. What would make this watch 5 stars is having various preset that can be used by the user. I'd even pay for that update.
Looks nice but its very dim || EDIT: thanks for the reply, I use a g watch r, I'm not sure why but it does seem dimmer in terms of brightness than other watch faces do
As an evening watch face it is lovely and elegant. During the daytime it is nearly impossible to see. As an everyday watch face it fails but for evening social occasions it is my favorite. I use it on an Urbane 2.
Gorgeous looking dial but the ticking seconds hand made it into a quartz watch instead of a high-end wind up or automatic. Sorry but this won't be my daily.  Update:  You can purchase Elegance Watch Face Plus, which DOES include the sweeping seconds hand.
Retard app. Doesn't even show up on android wear after installation. Nonsense.
This watch face works best if your in a darkroom all the time only but, if you go outside you can't tell what time it is because of how dim this watch face is.
I like the look of this watch face. The customizability is a bit lacking and non-intuitive (RGB and transparency only), but other than that it resembles an actual watch.
Simple, elegant and anologue. Even looks good in dim background mode. I give it a few days but very tempted to buy the plus version.
Maybe they fixed since previous reviews but this face is beautiful. Not dim at all on my G Watch R.
If you want the minimalistic feel and look, this is the watch. I love it, not too much to look at. It's very simple, which is an A+ for me because I'm OCD.
Classic.. Rich & simple.. Like the background color customisation option too.. Definitely recommend
But could not get it loaded to Samsung  gear
Elegant indeed. A good one to change to for going out to a nice resturant.
Beautiful, elegant watch face, but needs a full ambient mode. That would make this face a 5 star one
Installed but not seen in Android Wear even after resynchronization, Asus Zenwatch 2.
Simple and Elegant. No need of customizations. Its best when its original.
Installed, nothing in app drawer. Going to check what exactly the issue is when I get a chance.
Absolutely great smart faces

This face matches its name. I wanted a simple analog face with date and I finally found it.
It looks nice, and the graphics are nice, but a sweep second hand would make it complete.
nice to wear to a suit & bow tie event
Not so rich

Whatch looks elegant and sinple nice
Simple, elegant, no frills except it looks beautiful
Clean. Simple. Well done
Just what I wanted!
Quite simple and elegant
Simple and beautiful. Keep it up!
Matches my Urbane brilliantly
Simple, elegant, I'm loving it.
A truly elegant face!
Thank you
Looks great on my Ticwatch.
Waste of time
Superb 1.
Great, elegant!
One of the best designs.
The classic watch face works perfectly for me on my walks / runs. The watch face widgets can be configured to your liking.  Please read the manual first, it is well written. I was able to setup the watch face easily.  I am using this app with a Asus Zen Watch 1, without any issues.
Istimewag
App stopped working after update today. Watch face is sent to watch but that's how far it gets. Nothing can be accessed on phone, setting cannot be changed etc. Please fix.
Looks good on a gear live. Unfortunately, the companion phone app isn't in the menu on my Nexus 5.  UPDATE: Now I know how to get to the settings, it's working great. Very light on battery when not navigating too.
More navigational features than in all but the top of the line big brand name GPS sportswatches.
Great face with loads of functions. My only challenge is calibrating the compass.
Find my way back to hotel
Complains that screen overlay needs to be disabled.  I disabled ALL apps from being able to overlay the screen (system and user installed) and it still throws the same error.  Would love to install if this is resolved.  Note 4 with Android 6.01 stock
I really love this watch face. The backgrounds are nice. Updated to 5 stars for fixing the battery drain. Cannot stop looking at this beautiful watchface!
Kills battery. Edit..maybe you fixed the watchface battery, but none of faces I liked are there.   Not what I paid for.
Faces looks great, however battery drain is too much...even after "fix".
Nice watch faces but sucks watch battery like there is no tomorrow. Less than 8h on my old LG when others last almost 2 days.
I think Santa stuck in the chimney is my favorite. :)
Much better after snow animation was turned off. Now add an option to edit text font and this is perfect.
Great Christmas watch faces. Also very responsive developer
I love the faces, but after installing it my watch died in 8 hours. Also it is making my watch heat up. Moto 360 v2.
Works great on my MOTO 360 but it would be nice to have the option to display the date the way we do in the USA (month, day, year)
I put this watch face on and everything was fine until I charged it...then it wouldn't charge past 6-8%...I couldn't do a factory reset because I didn't have enough power...yes it was this watch face...I finally fixed it and as soon as I post this I'm deleting the watch face...
Have uninstalled and installed multiple times but does not have an open option or setting options on my watch to change the date or watchface.
Kills my watch faster than it can charge. Sucks I wanted to use this.
Love this watchface and even better with the new customisations! Still having issues, the time just locks up and then on its own sorts itself out.
I like the designs, however I am having issues with changing the backgrounds, having the time display in 12H format and getting the date in MM/DD/YYYY format.  I have tried to use the new configurator with no luck.
To a different watch face. Waiting for new version, hurry Christmas almost here.lol nexus 6 ,moto 360
Love the different faces
Love it!
Neat Face!
I downloaded this app because I thought it would be a great addition to my other watch faces that I change daily with my outfits. Even though it states it compatible with a Moto 360 it is not the app shifts the picture to the bottom of the screen. This makes it so you can't see the whole screen/face very disappointed!
I've purchased this yet it is not installed on my phone. How long is a short while that I have to wait before it appears?
This is one of the best ones you've made I love the colors and the design, more like this please :) However the phone battery % sometimes freezes and doesn't give an accurate measurement. The previous versions all worked fine
Please update for version 5.1.1 all I can see is a blurred number
It's neat. It's simple. I like it.
Nice and quite usefull
When I first opened this I was like-wow! This style is so chic, simplistic and just amazing. Anyone who wants a change in style should 100% get this, gg.
Good
It would be awesome to have the weather, phone battery, and steps on it. But it is a good app. I only get one of my scheduled things when I have like three or four at different times. It would be helpful if it could show them. Needs a update
This is my go-to WatchFace; it's really nicely designed and I really like the way appointments appear around the side.  However, there are a lot of problems with it too - it crashes. A lot. I'd say I have it working on 4 days of 7 a week. It doesn't show all day events. I wish it did. And you can't customise it at all - settings is a blank page. That aside there's still so much to recommend here, but make sure you have a 2nd choice face in mind too. You'll need it.
It works well, but I would like a dark theme and the ability to choose different hands
Does what it claims. You can select which calendars show up. Wish it would allow a toggle to filter full day events or/and those longer than 6/8 hours
The watch face configuration screen does not work. Has been broken for months now. Apparently no developer support at all on this one.
Setting via android wear app are blank.
Always says -418181:24:05 until end of current event.  Which hasn't started yet. Wrong year? Not for me.
Doesn't work well with the Moto 360 which has a not-quite-circular display.
...like light vs dark, hand options, etc. Other than that I had to un/reinstall in order to get it to appear on watch.
Most useful watch face even though it needs more work
Will not run on my g watch r
Cool idea, but crashes every time on my Huawei
Force close every time. Uninstall and reinstall. Android 5.1.1
Setting don't show anything
Good idea, half baked
More customizable is needed. Not stable enough.
Please continue development!
Crash
Not working on Lg watch urbane
fails to launch on Huawei
Does not work with LG Urbane.
I went on vacation for a week, left my watch home, turned Bluetooth off on the phone. Every day this watch face had consumed 1% of my phone's battery. 2 stars because I like the way it looks.
Don't work
Like it! Can't seem to change from M deserts though
Would not work on my smart wear watch could not get it to do anything, waste of time!
Mediocre. Worst part is the ambient mode... it doesn't look nice there. Removed it as soon ad I saw that
Watch looks really nice on this watch. It just might become my daily watchface. I just installed it time will tell (pun intended). 1 drawback that i found is that new changes to the watchface dont happen quickly. I made changes to it 5 mins ago stil havent been applied to the watch. Not a reason for me to take a star away. For now.
👍
Nice, high quality watch face, would give it 5 stars if with option to spin turbine.
Get it its cool clean and looks great
Quality watch faces by this developer...  Had a question about something and he updated really quick.  Great job
In-app, Watchmaster says this is $1.29. Link to the Play store opens up and the price is $1.95. I'm not a big fan of the ol' bait-n-switch. Otherwise, it does look very pretty.
When this watch face loaded up on my Smart watch 3 I was blown away. This is an awesome face. I'll be checking out more of your work.
Great
Absolutely brilliant dev.
Love it! 💜
You mixed up the screenshots of number 6 and 1 that's why it didn't look like the screenshots. Thanks man. They are both great but loving 6 (the one in screens)
Would be Better if at the top section would be smaller so that 2015 would fit with the date. Also if there was an AM and pm with the time then this would be 5 stars. Would also be cool if it would automatically change different  colors. Also if it display weather info
Colour is the only option that we can change. It would be nice to be able to change various things about the time/date format. For example displaying the month as "Aug" instead of "08".
Great watch face for my Android Wear. *Update:* woo-hoo. Thanks for the update for transferring the time to the middle. Won't be bothered anymore that card previews are blocking the time.
Nice watch face but can't get into the setup on a Sony sw3 to change colors though, would make it a 5 if I could
Would like to see the watch time alone have the ability to change to different color and I would 5 star it.
Easy to use and nice looking.
Love it !
Doesn't work now...
Loved this face but latest update completely brakes it on LG R. Mailed dev 1 week ago and no reply or fix. Face launches and then crashes and gets replaced by a stock face. All my other faces work fine.  The bottom small dial also was always missing hands. Not very good service for a paid face.
(Edit: I've been waiting on a nonexistent miracle. Dev has stopped supporting this watchface so it no longer works. Watchface is now unusable) I'm not one to buy apps but I just couldn't resist with this watch face. It truly is beautiful and simplistically amazing! Only change I would make is to update so the flat tire isn't as obvious like the special version of this watch face. Regardless 5-starts and thanks for the awesome watch face! (:
Great and cool looking but broken on Urbane
Sleep mode crash
The face alone looks great. What im most impressed with, is the fact that this dev, nailed the performance issues that other developers have not figured out. No lag or changing of colors at all when the watch awakes from sleep. Keep up the good work and please make more watch faces! Im gonna buy all of your faces,  even the pink one for breast cancer month. :)
The only watch face I saw that I'd pay for. The rest don't have the same simple style, so many over-do the options. Simple and elegant.
Lovely face but for some reason the hand on the bottom central dial is missing? Downloaded it twice and still the same. Can someone help please?
I choose this one to wear. The big roman numerals on the black look great.
Works best with moto 360.
Looks great
It's not perfectly in the middle of my moto 360. The bar on the outside is thicker on the right and thinner on the left. Just had someone else look and its not just me. Tried restarting, same. I'm still keeping it because I love it.
Everything is great except for when I charge my moto 360. It charges verrryyyy slow. It only does it when I have this watch face running. I suspect the issue is that the watch face animation is running for some reason when I dock the watch. If you guys could fix this it would be fantastic.
The ambient mode on my 360 v2 is nothing like the preview. It looks all splotchy and distorted. Tried uninstalling/reinstalling and rebooting.
Only been using for a few minutes, however I can already see that ambient mode has issues. It almost looks like it flickers. This only happens on this watch face and it isn't the same flickering that the anti-burn in thing does. Using Huawei Watch.
Love the watch face, the only problem is when it is on ambient mode, time text is hard to read even by just glancing at the watch. It would be great if there's a variety of options for the ambient mode
As others have said, this drains the battery quickly. I think making the background (where the stars are) simply black in ambient mode would fix this issue.
Really clean app, looks like its a paid app, never crashes, and mostly I don't get tired of it never changed faces in 5 days of wearing it all day
I really want to use this watch face because it looks great, but the ambient mode has issues. It flickers on my Huawei watch and is too bright. The moon should be darker and the area around it should be black. Another small issue is that that planet in the background goes in the wrong position in ambient mode. If these issues we're corrected I'd rate it 5 stars.
But also very functional; something many of the good-looking watch face designs seem to miss. There is no point in a beautiful watch face if telling the time isn't intuitive. It's not something you should need to think about. Don't over think design or make an attempt at half-baked humour. Form and function, folks. This one has both. Excellent job, dev.
Can't read the minutes number when screen backlight is off (suggest changing contrast for ambient mode). Otherwise, a great watch face!
Have had this as my watch face for some time now. I usually change weekly but have been stuck on this one. Simple and artistic. Digging it!
4 stars because the only thing missing with watch face is battery percentage. It will be great to have it. The only thing I missed most.
Great idea and design, one star off because 24 hour time settings are not respected and because the ambient mode minute planet does not match location of active mode
Drains the battery very quick. My watch was at full charge and I used one whole day, which included mostly Call and  SMS. And by the end of the day it was showing warning of low power. This is sad price to pay for using such an attractive and geeky interface.
This is one of my favorite watch faces and one of the few I have keep around on my Huawei Watch. It's extremely high quality and I love the cute little animation of the spaceship as the seconds hand.  The only downside is that it seems to zap battery faster than some other faces due to the ambient mode being so extravagant. Still not enough of a problem for me to rate it anything but a five!
Carl telling Fool read learn some good tool every day time wasted money breaking a lot of people God still blessing his People Enjoy google thanks love it computer Bring
Excellent - but could you remove the dark yellow border around the watch face? Most watches with square displays have rounded corners which hide part of the border, and this doesn't look nice.
Stuck with 12 hour click and backwards date. Nice idea though.
Beautiful and functional; Ambient mode lacking  Ambient would be better in color, and I would prefer it to not dim. As others note, the planet would be nice if it was updated in ambient mode also.  Thanks for the great watch face.
Narrow text is hard to see on gray moon.  Would be nice if all time characters were the same font (or all bold).
Like others have said, looks really cool and fun. Would be nice if there were options such as: the planet in ambient mode moves each minute. Get to pick planet type and more info to display, etc. Id be more than willing to pay for extra features. Also, improve the battery life👍
Only complaint is that the ambient mode is draining my battery. Please add an ambient mode that will just display the time. Other than that it's gorgeous and very well designed. Thank you!
Looks great on the watch. For those of you facing issues not showing up, install the watch face on your watch too. Wasn't showing up for me, had to install it also on my watch from playstore.
Nice looking watch face. Ambient mode is not so nice. Hard to read
The app lacks the ability to control am or 24hr, step counter showing, battery level, etc. The graphics are amazing and nice to watch, recommended
This face is simple, but it is wonderfully detailed. Love the smaller planet orbiting being used as the minutes and the orbiting rocket as the seconds. I have been using this for over 6 months and on my moto 360, I don't notice a huge battery drain. I think this free face rivals - and even beats - done of the paid faces.
As a space enthusiast, this simpe well designed watch face is one of my favourites. I espcially like the random shooting star effect in the background.
This is fantastic watch face. I love it, and my little boy loves it too. Really good work. Well done.  Please can you do the following:  Ambient mode:  1. Ambient mode must match actual time (planet needs to be in the correct position), and position needs to be updated every minute!  2.  Option to have full-colour ambient mode, this is a beautiful watch face and needs to be enjoyed in full colour!  3.  Option to choose time before it goes into ambient mode (up to 60 seconds).  4.  Option to select ambient mode full colour brightness level.  Hours/minutes:  1. Hours: How about a star that moves round the clock edge to show the hours?  2. Minutes: how about adding rings to the planet so that the rings act more like a pointer to the minutes?  3. Option to chose minute indicator will be great too.  Animations:  1. Add more: asteroids, comets, satellites, UFOs, etc, moving in different directions.  2. Option to choose which animations to show.  Charge for this, or make the above premium features! I and I am sure many others will pay for it!!  Please reply to let me know that you have received this.  Many thanks, D Ghoshal
Been using this watch face for quite sometimes, only issue I have with it is that the planets position during the AMOLED mode does stays in one spot.
if i leave ambient mode on will my screen have burned image on it after some time?
I really like this one and use it when I'm a not at work hehe. As I'm using the Sony Smartwatch 3, it has a square screen. However, with the latest update the corners are now curved. Could you please incorporate this. Thanks.
Beautiful watchface, it looks really nice on Moto 360.   I have to disable ambient mode, though. It drains battery and glows in the dark a lot. Plain black background with glowing starts and time would work much better for an ambient mode.
We all love to travel, I connected with this watch face while I was traveling. It is minimal on design and high on visual appeal. It makes me feel like a space adventurer. Haha. Kudos guys!
Even after installing the app I Cannot see the watch face on wear app.
It's a nice whimsical design and I use it often! It's very fun and I think it was well designed!  Highly recommend!
Love this face...5yr old doing planets at school and keeps trying to pinch my watch to show his teacher
I cannot find d it anywhere on my phone so that I can apply it to my watch 😕
This does everything one could wish for and with style. Crisp graphics and a tidy finish. My only request would be for battery levels. Sony Smartwatch 3.
Very simple, easy to read and never had any problems! My watch lasts me all day sometimes into the next day.
I Love the design of this beautiful watch face.  and normally I don't give any reviews on apps.  <3
Completely off center on my watch.
I love it! Awesome, works exactly as advertised. Displays engine data on my Asus Zenwatch 2 from my cheap obd2 Bluetooth device
Nice
Very well done. Battery life extended to two days on my Huawei. Needs to have an option to disable ambient mode. During the day, it's next to impossible to see. Could you add a new option for this date format? "Tue/Feb 10/2017". Would also be nice to have the seconds counter as well.
Overall I like it. I wanted a minimal digital watch face. The only thing I don't care for is the date format you can't change. I'm not European/Asian, so I would prefer the North American format (MM/DD/YY).
"Perfect & Works Great w/ Samsung Live gear!" It is just what I have been looking for. The app displays the time, battery, and the date, with allowing me to choose the color  (mine is hot pink, right now, Lol!!). Thanks, I am very pleased with this app! 😊
May be one of my favorite minimalist watch faces. Hardly used any battery. There is options to change color and date format. The battery bar is a nice touch. Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a simple watchface.
Brilliant. Love the minimal look and the battery curve is genius. Lots of configurable options from the Huawei watch app, including date formatt for you weird Americans. Would have preferred a solid white font for the dim view though, instead of wire frame.
I use this app on my moto 360 1st gen. I just purchase new   Smartwatch huawei 2gen and I like to app so much I switched it over it's the only one that I use and whatever color I have on I change color. Great app plan and simple that's all I was looking for.
Excellent, simple minimalist watch face. On an AMOLED display, it activates a minimal level of pixels to preserve battery life. The "smile line" across the screen indicates battery life remaining, and can be suppressed if you deem it a distraction. Date format and if the day of the week is adjustable. Settings can be accessed in the Android Wear app on your phone, not with a separate icon.
Great simple interface for minimal screen guff date,time,battery sometimes that's all you need on a watch.colour selection fantastic with choice of formats to date and time,not sure if it's a battery drainer yet,but overall amongst some of the good ones out there
Although it says there is an option to set the time format this is not shown on my watch. Also no performance improvement seen
It's a virus. Drained my battery, constantly crashes my watch, and now i can't uninstall. I hate you
I really love the slick UI design and the colors. It works great on my ZenWatch and has good colors.. I had to restart my ZenWatch to be able to get this app. But otherwise, good job. 😉👍
I like the watch face, just doesn't look very good on square face.
Simple and clean, first watch face I downloaded to try and take advantage of my watches amoled screen. Hopefully it also saves battery life.
Just downloaded it and I like it so far. It'd be perfect if you could add a weather sticky so I can always view it.
Love the simplicity of this face. Just wish their were a few more date format options and a second option. Still great though
I liked it on my Moto 360, but apparently it will not work on my new Samsung Gear S2.  Wish it would.
It is a very minimalist watchface that is well thought out!  All the main information is pleasantly laid out and easily customized.
I like the colors but would like to see some preset faces to chose from. Also weather temperature be a good addition.
Really Nice, I like being able to change the colors to match what Im wearing. I enjoy the simplicity of it too.
Looks really neat and I think it's helped with battery life
Which it worked for my huawei watch and Droid phone..????it install but does not function or create short cut
How to use it? It doesn't shows any app on my phone or gear s3
Very stylish, but the inactive screen is very dark even at a high brightness setting.
Loved the watch faces battery drained after 12 hrs normal use. Had to uninstall
The best looking digital watch face ever. Simple, elegant and bug free
great app, just what I wanted,  simple and easy to read , just needs to pass the battery life test
Ambient mode needs to be brighter or at least have user adjustable options to do so.
Would like to see digital battery percentage as option. Would give 5 star rating.
Nice simple face, low battery drain.
Nice display: I like the fact that you can choose any color display that you like!
Love the endless possibilities of colours, could be better with phone battery indicator.
Very simple face, but seems to extend battery life significantly!
Very clean and simple design!
This watch face looks nice very stylish customizable and it works fine
I like this watch face.
Simple, easy to read. My go to face for my LG Urbane.
Clean simple watch face that doesn't drain your battery.
Just a very pleasing design. I use it a lot for everyday
Pretty cool and love that I can customize it and change colors.
My favorite Moto 360 watch face so far.
A lot of functions just don't work. I change options but they don't take effect, like temperature from C to F. Returning for a refund.
Does not work with the new Urbane update.
Will not install on LG Urbane
Because love the step counter feature I enjoyed being able to snap a screenshot of my watch face and send it to a friend. Now I can't do that. On the Google wear screen it shows all of my watches but it shows a watch face that I'm not using above instead of the Magnum face. Is there a fix to enable this feature? If I try to snap a screenshot it tells me it's sending a screenshot request but nothing ever happens.
Nice watchface, but the dot numbers are hard to read. 6,8,9 look very similar. Besides that it's very nice
will not sync with Google Fit
Works great
The display is good but not flexible enough for me. I like the charge indicators for phone and watch. Frustrated that I can't get a GMT time to display in the digital window.
What do the 10 - 100 dashed curved lines indicate?  One is by the phone charge the other by the watch charge. My phone was at 77% my watch at 99% yet the markers on the curved dashed lines were at the 10 markers in red. What are the dashed markers for then?
One of the better looking watch faces when in full ambient mode (dimmed display with glowing hands)... Weather doesn't seem to update, must be a small glitch...
After trying it for 5 mins, it became suddenly non-interactive. I had to uninstall the app from the phone and reinstall it to get it working again properly.
Nice watch faces with in app purchases around $1.50 that open that opens up many more features. Outstanding job devs. This is with Asus 2 which is not on the list.
Great watch face. Definitely in my top 5 of watch faces that I own.
Works great and does what it said thank you guys
Nice looking watch face. Suggest making digital time and temperature solid so it can be seen better.
Xcellent watch face,  36hrs battery 🔋 life.
One of my top 10 favourite watch faces. Thanks 👍
Love this watch face. One of my favorites.
Unfortunately the feature i am interested in: step counter always displays zero on huawei watch. Had to request refund.  Otherwise nice design an lots of info.
You cant change characters please help
Unable to change characters
The customization doesn't work. You can't change the background. The settings doesn't change it.
As I have not used so far when I actually use this app then only I can say something about it but I think this app will be much useful it seems
I installed it on my Pixel 2XL and can NOT find it on my phone. It does NOT show up.
Only shows heart rate others always say 0. Also doesn't show you heart rate in other watch faces.
I like this watch face a lot, however for the two days I've had it running,  my battery ran OUT by 8pm.  With other faces I still had 60% by bedtime.  I don't know what might be causing it,  unless it's the quotes that randomly appear.  I love what the quotes have to say,  in fact that's one of my favorite parts.  However they don't stay long enough to be able to read the tiny text.  I guess it's a good thing they appear often.  If the battery issue is fixed I'll gladly change to a 5 as this is my favorite!
Nice design but the second hand lags and looks broken and pixelated, really bad.  Not many settings so face disappears in just a few seconds, not even enough time to read it...really annoying. Uninstalling, there are many better simple beautiful faces that work great! Needs work!
Looks great,  but I can't even read the full quote in time before it goes away, it's like two seconds and is hard to read that quick on such a tiny screen.
Excellence and elegance all in one simple face! My only complaint is the quote goes away to quickly and I can read it all, otherwise superb.
Wonderful design, horrible resolution. I have a huawei watch and the face looks like garbage, nothing is sharp and it's almost impossible to read the small dial and date because of this.
Quote cannot be dismissed and is shown too long.
Love the watch face, but the quotes need to stay up for a longer period of time, or maybe enable a tap to dismiss feature? Also, I would like to see quotes more frequently, perhaps create an option to set how many steps trigger a quote? Those features would make this a five star app.
Love the watchface but the quotes are too intrusive. Please give users an option to set how often quotes appear or disable them completely.
I found if Moto360 doesn't look right at first. Just change the watchface in your phone and then return back to this one. Should align properly the 2nd time around.
I like the minimalism of the clock, not enough of them in Play Store but not thrilled with how many times the quote keeps coming up. I want a watch screen, not a quote screen.
Great looking watch face,, perfect balanced watch.. Hope I can customise it one day..  And also The quotes go away too quickly..
It has two faces one main face and small face but the small one is just the same time widget with no customization.  Um...did you just release this before finishing it?
Love the idea...I get 1.5 seconds to read the quote maybe less =(. Please fix it, I love this watch face, maybe a color picker. I think itd be one of the best faces hands down.
4 stars for a watchface that balances well between looking good and providing just the right amount of info.  -2 stars for the message that keeps replacing the actual watch face, which renders the whole point of the watchface moot.
Eva Ättling gör bara snygga saker, och denna är definitivt just det. Men! Jag kan inte anpassa den alls.
2 stars for lack of control over the quote's. Would be 5 other wise, beautiful watch face.
It does not even show up on my homepage and does not give option to open in app store.
Looks great on my Moto 360!  Classic, but not gaudy!  It's made it to my daily rotation of watchfaces!
Tried everything.. Nexus 6 5.1.1
Would love an option to turn of the random quotes.
Need a setting to not have quotes.
Favorite but the ambient bug thanks to Android wear makes the black face only usable
Would be nice to extend the time the quote stays on the screen never have enough time to read it.
Works for my needs
That's good enough to keep for 2 days
It is not very clear
Could be improved
Just give me quote customization!
Best watchface ever. Love the quotes either.
Lukx gr8
I love the design of the watch face. Looks beautiful on the LG Watch Urbane. However, the messages that keep replacing the actual watch face all the time makes it close to useless.  A watch face that doesn't show the time half the times you glance at it kind of defeats it's own purpose. Five stars if the messages are removed or made optional through configuration.
Looks horrible on the Moto 360. The stock watch faces do the exact same thing and look great. Text is blurry and distorted. Not sure how it maintains a four star rating.
The Moto 360 bug is real and unfortunate. It looks like it would be one of my favorites if not for the bug.
It's completely off center on Moto360. There are black marks on the right side, much like the flat tire on the bottom...... comon.
Doesn't look right on Moto360.  A 'flat tire' is added on the dial side, not on the actual 'flat tire' on the watch, so it's like having an offset watch inside your own watch.
Maybe it's the fact that I'm on 5.1.1 on my moto 360, but this watchface looks fine. Not blurry and the flat tire is at the bottom where it's supposed to be. And with a black watchface, I don't notice the flat tire.
I like the design. Unfortunately, as other's have pointed out the alignment is off on the Moto 360. What's odd is that the initial animation folks the screen perfectly.
The watchface itself looks great, but it gets interrupted by messages that you have to wake up the watch to dismiss.
Blurry on Moto360
Doesn't work on the Moto360
I have a moto 360 sport and this watch face keeps the heart rate monitor constantly running, which I can tell by the blinking green lights. Odd though, that this face doesn't track heart rate. As soon as I revoke senor permissions for aviator on my watch, the heart rate monitor turns off.  Please fix.
Loving it.... Will use it for daily drivers.. Thanks for the lovely face...
Does not work on lg urbane
Weather didn't work correctly. Graphics are not rendered correctly. Uninstalled.
Will not sync with watch, any ideas? UPDATE 9/26...found my problem, works fine and looks great...
Not sure what it does? Just sits there.nothing fancy like showing up when I darken my phone. Hope nobody paid for this.
Advice: Add a smooth moving seconds hand in next update.  Rest the app is awesome!!
Won't sync to watch.
Can't describe it enough...just that I love it. One question can you update the time to 12 hours for digital? Also I noticed a glitch...sometimes the hands are an hour behind
Such a simple yet gorgeous watch face. I love it!!
Simple and lean, works as what it say. I will give 5 stars if you add in feature to enable user choose custom color, others than the 10 preset colors. Please consider this in your next update.
The battery percentage is totally off. Even if you clear data, delete/reinstall, etc. The weather is good it appears. It's too beautiful of an application, and it's a PAID APP, to be screwed up like this. Emailed development team and never get any responses or confirmation they received it at the least.
Love the disconnect feature, and the face is amazing
Love it. Keep up the good work.

One of things I like most about my watchfaces is the battery life, this one was off by at least 15% or more. Refunded.
Very disappointed, give all permissions and watch face crashes always. Not recommend to anybody. Don't buy it is a waste of your money
Cannot get 12 hour mode to work. Stays on 24 hr time. My watch is the Huawei 2 Classic.
Needs to have customizable colours for both numbers and orange band. The second time needs to work instead of showing SEL. Needs option to disable steps or secondary time.
Watch face doesn't even show up in Android wear. I'd like a refund please
Well laid out, great looking ambient mode. I had a problem with the missed calls count, but the developers were very helpful and found and fixed it in a few days. Very pleased.
Love this watch face. Only fix it need is I see that the SMS counter does not reset after reading the unread messages. Please please fix.
Great face but a 12hr option would be greatly appreciated
No permissions it says over and over. No low bit short mode means screen burn in.
Without a date display or any other info, this is only good for a night out after work or on weekends. It is super cute though.
The animations and the design is amazing. But, consumes a lot of battery.
Cool but needs complications like date, day and battery level
Great design and fun watch faces that change throughout the day.
I love these animations! My favorite watch face!
It is beautiful
💜
I downloaded the watch face doesn't really look quite like it does in the picture in the background is a boring washed out cream color. Emailed the gentlemen listed as the creator two weeks ago, no reply. Kind of poor customer service in that regard as well.
I can't see the minutes parameter... And I see many others face this problem..
Fix time reading properly can't see last digit but want to use this as my everyday watch face
Cool watch face, animations are nice but 01:25 shows up as 01:2
The last digit on my Moto 360 doesn't show. :( Would love to give 5 stars!
It's a very good looking face. Except half of the last number is not showing up. Makes it difficult to sure the face like this.
If such a thing can be said, I find this watch face whimsical. One of my favourites.
Last digit missing so ineffective. Otherwise would be a nice watch face
Something about this watchface seems to eat through my Moto 360's battery faster than other watchfaces. For the record I have this face in ambient on my watch.
The 4th digit is cropped on moto 360 2nd gen.
I just love everything about these robots. Nothing clever or complicated, just a cute way to tell the time.
All that needs to be said is I love it. You can choose between a male and female robot. And you cab have a different robot appear each time you look at your watch. And you get to watch them put themselves together.
The last digit of the minutes does not display on Huawei watch.
The app is great I just wish all of the numbers displayed on my Moto 360 2. Can we get a fix for it because I'd love to use the app AND tell time.
Like everybody else.. The last digit missing.
I usually go for simpler watch faces but this looks so good on my Zenwatch that I think I'll be keeping it a while. A few more robots would be nice when you have the chance.
Last digit on moto 360 is not shown fully on moto 360 2nd gen
Animation is not running smoothly.
Love the watch face but the second minute character is missing making it rather useless.
Last digit doesn't show. Otherwise great design fix for 5 stars.
Last digit doesn't show on Moto360 2nd gen. Pretty useless really.
Shows only 09:5 at 09:50. Watch is huawei watch. This seems to affect other people too
Last digit does not display. Useless.
The zero looks like an 8 at a glance. If it didn't have that cross diagonal thing on the zero it would be great
Moto 360, works great and is almost always go to watch face! Thanks for the updates!
Last digit not displaying. Please fix it. Otherwise it's ok.
Last digit of time is cut off...Great art though!
The last digit is not showing up on the Huawei Watch.
Last digit,on Moro 360 doesn't show
Liked the look but the last digit only half shows on a round watch face.
It looks very nice, but the second minute is cropped off.
Last digit is missing.5 starts if it gets fixed. Amazing animations, cool robots
Last digit doesn't show
There  isn't option to lock this app with "app lock" function?!? What is the point to lock other apps and if someone take the phone and just be able to cancel all locks?!?... Also this app has quite a big power consumption... Before to install this app my phone reaches around 35-40hrs "stand by" and 7 hrs "SoT", now - 25-30hrs "stand by" and  5 hrs SoT... And also I don't want app scan my divice every day automatically without option to disable it!
Stop bugging me about VPN. I dont want it. If I want advertising notifications I would have kept AVG. It would be nice if it would allow me to tell it to stop warning about some apps. I know that messenger and allo have access to my contacts. The wearon feature got annoying very quickly when my phone was switched off. I had to block it.
Amazing antivirus with a small footprint. Would have really like it if they stopped bugging me with the VPN offer. After paying this much you would expect them to atleast throw in the VPN for free. Will give it 5 stars if an when this is resolved.
Hi, issue I've noticed on Moto g5s plus, if accessibility for web security turned on then volume controls take 20 seconds to hide themselves instead of usual 2 or so. Minor inconvenience but would love to have it fixed. Cheers
I have loved this app up until the last update. It uses almost no battery and I assume it works. Never had any security issues. The last update keeps "nagging" to activate the web security. I don't want it but when I got tired of the constant notifications, I tried to activate it and it won't activate. ARG! It's too bad. I did like the app but I'll try and fond another.
Excellent product...Had this product for several years and I've never had a problem. They have now added the 2nd generation box and VPN both of which are excellent options to add to surf the Web and have all your smart equipment protected as well.
This product, as well as many others, are praised by AV Comparatives as effective virus scanners. The product is however let down by limited additional functionality which others possess.
bitdefender works great. the feature "snap photo on failed unlock" in antitheft is not working properly. the feature is always on. fix this issue in next update.
Activate my vpn *Unable To Connect (39001).. whats problem? can u fix..
Sick of the constant whining of insecure Network and the VPN offer.  No way to shut it up either.
Best protection for mobile devices, and I really love VPN. I hope they will include firewall protection soon, I will definitely renew my subscription next year for sure.
Still having issues with a persistent malware but keeps it at bay and always detects it
Works fine. The interface is a little basic for advanced users, and the VPN beg is a little annoying
On my pc this is the best software. But on my s7 edge it keeps on crashing all the time
Great & Simple but the option to block calls and messages would be nice instead of some VPN with a really low data limit
Easy to use, I feel secure having it monitoring my activity and my identity.
Early days but seems good. Runs quietly keeping an eye open without spurious warnings every 30 seconds. Nice to have no ads keep popping up. Will give 5 stars of carries on like this.
Good AV product, although I'd rather the new VPN feature not be rammed down your throat. Please add the ability to remove from the dashboard, much like you can with everything else.
Bitdefender is great all around! I definitely recommend it to anyone for mobile and or PC security.
Super. One single platform for antivirus, malware, web browsing, theft protection across my computer and mobile devices.
Better than Norton. Lite on resources and Bitdefender stays out of American politics. My phone runs much better now.
Not sure why but the web security keeps automatically getting off
Love the options it comes with. Very easy to use.
Security app that isasy to understand and use.
Good to see security for mobile phone's
VPN doesn't work keep getting error 32801
Why don't you guys include fingerprint in your Applock section?
Thanks this is awesome app. Please add call and sms blocking option.
The best out there. Simple to use and not a memory hog! Brilliant!
Great app sorted out my problem
User friendly and very effective
The app is great feel secure from threats. Automated everything. Like the Showtime rotisserie "set it and forget it".
Best defence for the latest threats to your pc and mobile devices.
Why bitdefender, can't more security web while use with brave browser ??
Ì just installed it on my PC and tablet and like it so far. Would also like to see VPN included.
Good antivirus, but what happened after this 90days trial? Is still this app working in my phone?
Everything is excellent except the VPN .... The VPN not working it's showing UNABLE TO CONNECT (-709)
Very useful in this app
Provide network solution in mobile android security thx
It's pretty good to be honest! Yet only a short trial before subscription is required!
...but it desperately needs the ability to switch between the two modes without having to long press.
Second Time Zone shows the same indicator in AM/PM mode. Please fix it. Thank you!
Needs tap actions to open weather, rather than the current method which requires long pressing and going through settings to select the secondary weather face.
Swipe or Press to change between time and weather needs to be a thing. Also only want the time to show on ambient, otherwise it just drain too much battery.
I like it. Instead of long pressing the watchface to change to weather mode. I thing u should be able to just press the face to swap faster
It doesn't work for Moto 360...
Time zone bricks face
...but not great. Doesn't use the entire screen. Love it otherwise
Worth it!
fun ! LG G5 ANDROID moto 360 works well love the corner short cuts
Sucks. Looks good but isn't working properly
Good
This watch faceplate is great! Really like all the changeable features. Works great on my old moto 360. Thanks
Love this watch face it's easy to use and customise. And if I don't need it I take it off the whole ting was well built and is well maintained. The only problem im having is the timer widget isn't working. But I've had that problem sense Google updated the clock app in general.
Finally managed to get it working. I've never had as much trouble installing something as this. I stumbled across the installation process by mistake. Having said all this I am very pleased now with the watch face.
Love it but how do i get it to read Fahrenheit instead of Celsius
Does everything you want it to do but really slow.  Text message indicator let's you know you have a message. So you read it from your phone. Then you have to wait 10 minutes for the indication to disappear. Plus you can reply to the message from the face Watch battery and mobile battery level takes to long to pop up. Good app just really really really slow
Great features, nice and clean and functional.  Thanks!
great watch face, maybe add an analog option. thanks
Great watch display lots of interactive area's overall great watch!
Most watch faces look boring in ambient mode -- but not this one.  I absolutely love the custom app launchers for 4 apps!  I also love the compact design. Now, please do all that with color -- my watch battery can take it!
I installed this watch face and stopped receiving push notifications.
Great design, even for round watches! Shows relevant information and lots of customization possible, plus the shortcuts are a nice touch.
I'm  loving it
Absolutely love it!!
Very handy...
Nice design. I only use Thema watch faces! Especially the ones with custom shortcuts like this one and Venom, Morphing etc. This is so I don't have to run another launcher app. Thema's custom shortcuts handle it fine and with very little battery drain! Thank you Thema!
Excellent support and my current favourite watch face.
My Favorite
It would be perfect if it had the "No 7" where the weather widget is when it is in the always on mode until it wakes up again. Change this for the extra star 👍😉 Edit: Dev listens and replies asap extra star well deserved 👍😁
Wore it at a bar and got lots lots of favorable comments.  Also nice just to wear around.  Thanks for increasing the size of the interactive areas.
Im a Jack fan and this face looks great on my Moto360. Lots of available customization settings. Cheers!
What an awesome idea, and like all of Thema's faces, well put together.
One of the best on the market
GOT JACKED ALRIGHT.PAID TRIED TO DOWNLOAD.IT DIDN'T AND I NEVER GOT A REFUND.ROBBING GITS
Doesn't appear in android wear.
Can't change the digital to anolog face or the color on the watch any suggestions
More more gundams plssss
Love it
there's a single moving gear in the center, also has no real support for a dark mode on the LG gwatch r
Works for about a second before repeatedly crashing. It also forces a daily notification to rate it. Well here's your rating, happy now?
App crashes once activated on my moto 360. Please fix.
Crashing on moto 360 sport and on the phone too.
Asked me to rate it 5 stars 4 times in 45 seconds after install
Crashed as soon as it loaded
Simple and elegant. Love it.
Nice one
Amazing decent watchface looks awesome on my lg g watch r
Garbage. Like others have noted it crashes.
Great design and cool....but the set isn't allowing changes like a simple battery icon
Cannot install onto watch..what do you think?
Wont even load on my Fossil
Apik
Keeps crashing in Sony Smartwatch 3.
Did not work. Crashes immediately on watch. RunIQ wear 2.0
Nicely designed, but crashes my Asus ZenWatch 2 every time I select it.
I like it but there is no option to keep the color setting in Ambient mode
Love it... futuristic  and weird
Beautiful design. I changed my setting to always on just so I could keep looking at it. Sweet layout. I know it would ruin the minimalistic design to add date but it doesn't have to. I fill out a lot of paperwork at my job and am constantly checking the date so I don't screw up forms.  P.S. works flawlessly on a Moto 360 2nd gen.  -Great Design.
The first couple of times I looked at this face, I struggled to count the dashes. Literally, about an hour later, I casually (quickly) glanced at the face and knew what time it was. Right after I looked away, I had a WTF moment as it dawned on me that I didn't have to think at all. An amazingly intuitive design!  I do find one thing a little annoying, which cost the app a star: even right after reboot (no apps running), it often stutters on wake, taking a sec to update the time (moto360 1st gen).
Takes a little getting used to but I love it! Low battery usage, clean design. Love it. I do have an idea I'd like to see... What if I could choose between the segments being lines or hexagons? I'd love to see that!
Took me a while to figure it out (I'm not the fastest thinker) but i finally got it and bought this....great way to tell the time....doesn't have any other features besides time, could maybe use the corners for like stats and weather (on square watches)
Love the design, takes a few seconds to read, but I don't mind this at all. It would be great to have more colour options and background options to choose from.
One star is left out for the missing date. Yes, it is something to think about...
Got it to work finally. Looks decent. Minimalistic and mystical
How do I change the colors? I have an Asus zen watch
It may take a few minutes to learn how to read time.
I downloaded it but find it my watch yet.
Would like an option to add the day and date.
I really like the minimalistic creativity in this design
But how do i chan the color?
The watch face seems too small on moto 360 2; almost as if it's designed for a square watch and just doesn't scale well to a round screen. Harder to read because of size and there is tons of wasted screen space. Would purchase again if that was fixed.
You Eric, if you were able to read you will see that it requires Watchmaker to work not android wear app. So instead of giving a one start rating to the app give the one star to your rating comprehension.
Watch face will not show up in Android Wear app or watch. Restarted both and resynced apps and still nothing.
I am a huge digital fan! Prado watch faces always provide great features. Thanks!
Crooked on 360
Want more color
Too small to read. Looks like a rough mockup.
Information is too small to read therefore making it useless. Looks pretty cool otherwise.
This is very useful when you don't have WiFi or mobile data signal for OK Google. Used in conjunction with Wear mini launcher it is very convenient. However, I would like an optimised version for round watch face (LG G watch R) - probably just requires slightly smaller icons! I'd also like to see the dialer as a right swipe action rather than at the end of the contacts! I was a bit surprised at the price, but I paid it so you got me. But otherwise just what I was looking for.
It doesn't work most of the time
I so want this app to work... but on my Note 3 it hardly ever dials... making the app totally useless.
Love this dialer!  Please make more cool apps!!! Like a speed dial widget I can access from watch face with like 2 clicks... keep up the great work! !!
Hasn't worked since the first day eveytime i dial it says connecting and never connects! I want a refund!!
Images still dont allow editing(selecting), but dialing seems to be working now. Is there any way to make the Speed Dialer icon stay on your notification bar so that it can't be cleared and stop connection ?
Great idea, however it force closes constantly on my phone.
Really no need with Ok Google command
Very neat design: minimalist and geeky. Exactly what I was looking for.
After having many Google searches I finally understand what the two bottom lines mean. I like the inclusion of epox time though the only time I would use it is for very precise time measurements such as when something happened noteworthy. And utc time I use with all my friends all over the world so we can easily coordinate Skype calls and online gaming sessions
I'm not really a fan of the watch face but I do love your github link!  The sample watch face from google is kinda complicated in some parts but your github link cleared it all up for me, now I finally understand how to correctly implement settings in my own watchfaces :D  So I've bought it as a thank you for the source code which helped me a lot ^^
I regularly maintain a system that solely deals in UTC. Logs, requests, everything is utc. Being able to tell at a glance what time it is both in localtime and UTC is a huge time-saver. Plus since the background is dark it gets pretty great battery life!
I work in computer forensics and I would love to have this face. I cannot get it to show as an option in the wear app or on my watch.
The only thing missing for me is the ability to customize the background pattern and color.  I would not be opposed to being able to load a custom background image either.
Can you add watch and phone battery?
New version works great. Just remember to access settings from Android Wear itself on the phone rather than standalone app.
My UTC timezone reverts back. Outside of that I love it.
Love this watch face. I'm in the security field and we use a 24 hour clock. Very handy having both 12 and 24 hour formats.
I love looking at syslogs and my watch in the same format.  It just makes those tedious minutes tick by faster somehow.  That or something is wrong with the app... No no, must be the former.
Clean watch face design.
Perfect
Nice watchface,  but please make a 24 Hour option also.  Thx
The most awesome watch face ever ! Now I can tell UTC to est when reading through logs ! Revised my review.
I had a problem with the reindeer animation and sent an email describing the problem to development and got an answer with detailed instructions on how to solve the problem within a few hours. I was very impressed with the prompt and detailed response. The watch face is also very cool.  I have a few other Husky watch faces and enjoy and use them all.
Seeing as how I won't be using this app after Christmas, it should be free till Christmas, then locked. Or maybe if you have other premium husky faces it should be free. At least users would see what they're missing and purchase other premium faces. Just a thought.
HELLO..  My husband put this cute app on his watch today.. I did the same and also I paid for Premium .. so where is my sleigh/reindeer with the countdown...??? I will put a rating when they appear :-(
None off countdowns or merry Christmas animations ever appeared.
This is a great app. It has a wide array of features, and it works. I would just wish that the active screen was on longer in order to see the animations in action.
I have no sleigh, other than that it's fine
No Rudolf! Downloaded app and paid premium! No Rudolf countdown animation! Being used on moto 360.
A very nice application craftily made!

Awesome
I like it did a full reset on watch and phone all is great
The free version was gorgeous and by far more stable than the Pro. The pro crashes immediately every time it starts for me. Support has responded promptly mentioning they're in the process of updating the watchface to resolve some backwards compatibility issues. Once they've fixed it I'll update this review but up until then I can give it no more than 2 stars as it simply doesn't work.
The free version worked fine - the pro version never worked - only crashed over and over.  Follow instructions to clear cache, etc., but this never did work!  Also - tried the Pathfinder watch face by this vendor and paid for it - it never was available for me to select as a watch face?  These watch faces (paid versions anyway) don't seem to work.    I went so far as to wipe my phone to factory settings and installed just android wear and this Y360 Pro watch face.  Still crashed on the lg g watch r paired with my lg v10 phone - EVERY TIME!  Not worth the money in my opinion.
Doesn't work on my phone and watch. Did the un install reseting cache and data. Always crush and stop working
Why did I pay for this?
I never could get it to work on my Huawei Watch 2 Classic with Android Wear 2.0.  I reverted to their Interactive version which worked just fine.
First, let me say the clock is beautiful and the customization is amazing! The only issue I'm having is that it doesn't actually work as a clock. It doesn't update with the time. Sometimes it updates a couple minutes late, and sometimes it keeps up for about a half-hour, but eventually stops updating completely unless I go in the app. A restart fixes it temporarily, but it always stops working. Fix it and I'll definitely buy the in-app purchase.
Works well, looks great but could do with the option to customise the size, amount of area it covers. It's too small for me, on my tablet. Also someone mentioned in the comments about it being available on lock screen, that would be really cool. Also also, last number on time has gone tiny for some reason?
The time doesn't update on my LG G Watch. In using a Nexus 6 running the latest lollipop build and the latest android wear updates for app and phone. Issue arose on new-years eve when the latest update came through. Will make a 5 when working again as I love this app.
This is an amazing and awesome app but when chose the star wars character one thing really bothered me, their size. It made it difficult to read the time quite a bit. But if you could make the characters smaller or move them a little or even give a size option it would help a lot.
Love the looks and customization options, but in the Moto 360 there's no way to reposition the date widget to the top - instead it's hidden by the watches' black bar at the bottom
I love the look of this on my LG G watch and I adore the customization options but it doesn't display the correct time which makes it not very useful for a watch. A minor fault I find annoying is I can't make it display the date as dd/mm/yyyy; checking & unchecking the mm/dd/your box has no effect. A real shame as it deserves 5 stars if not for these issues.
I've been using it since it came out. But I'd like to be  able to put this on my lockscreen too. I tried but it doesn't seem possible, or is it?
I've used this clock in the past and I really dig it. So much so that I believe I paid to remove the adware. I I had since I switched phones and had not reinstalled it. I just got a Smartwatch for Christmas and decided that I would install it again. Well I did not see a way to restore my turn off ads options, so I wound up rebuying remove ads. A couple of days gone by and now my SmartWatches time keeps freezing. If I switch watch faces or open the app on my phone it will update but then it gets stuck on that new time. Please help. I have an LG G6 phone and third gen Fossil smartwatch.
Awesome app had for a long time however the time freezes on 4x1 with newest update on lg g watch. The developer seems active though so im sure a fix will come soon!  Edit: Thanks for the reply Android wear version 5.0.1 build # LWX48P
Works perfectly after uninstalling system app One Clean (root only) that killed the background process and stopped the time. Would be awesome if we could use a custom color from a color picker or an image! Great widget, my favorite clock design of all time.
Love this clock and I've used it for a long time but sadly I've just upgraded to a new phone the LG G4 and would hopefully like to see adjustable sizes for the widget in the next update specifically 5x2 👏
I have had this app for about 5 years now and nothing else compares to it. Its stylish, it's functional, it's light weight and it will cook a chicken tetrazzini and steal yo man.
Its a few minutes off and cannot see date on moto 360.
I love this widget. The only thing that could make it better would be if it would work on the lock screen.
Numbers are wrong displayed and time is not updating. Please fix
I really really like this app, but it's been rendering the clock wrong to where the first three numbers are normal size, but the fourth is tiny, as if it was part of the second counter. Please fix.
Love this. Great design and good customisation options. However, only 4 stars because on my phone it seems to be displaying pm when its actually am. A funny quirk I'm sure I'll grow to adore :p
Please can you help me? The time isn't updating. I really want to use this widget because it's awesome but if it keeps doing this, I will have to delete it. So please help.
It would be perfect if we could have both the hour and minute each open an app on click, instead of the whole widget opening only one app!
What happened to the donate version I paid for? Wanted to install it on a new tablet, but cannot find the donate version.
Everything else is great, but that bug make the watch face completely useless. What's the point of a clock that is not on time? Please fix. Using nexus 5
Lol why not call this voxel clock, good app tho.
As other have said, with the latest update the time is not updating. I have Galaxy S5 and Gear Live. Never had any issues until now.
I actually really love this watch face. The customization is in depth and it really allows the user to express themselves.
I really like that watch face! I just wish the date was bigger and maybe in the same font as the time. The geek characters could be bigger too.
Doesn't update the time. Happens constantly.
Really awesome there are alot of cool option's and it really works bit can you add a battery widget and a option for fnaf
The time wont change
Time doesn't update on sony sw3 watch unless u open the app on the phone and then close it
Wow... just wow. First app I ever bought on my first phone when I was ten..... Last app I bought on my new phone 3 years later...
I love this app it is so cool with the superheroes and star wars characters I don't have a problem with it
They fixed my previous issue and even put in some new colors. I highly recommend this.
When I opened my widgets list it isn't there.I am using Lenovo A319.
It is awesome but on round screen not working properly. Also date alignment not working.
Plz add a red, yellow, green color for the clocks other than that great job!!
So awesome. The customization is great and I just love the geek theme. Goes perfectly with my 8 bit theme.
Need to fix the size of watch face on android as the clock size is very small
I tried it didn't work!
Does not update time in the widget... 😣being using redmi note3
Awesome app. Tho wish cld mke the widget smaller, still awesome tho.
Now it at least updates but most images are either partially or fully black and white.. there seems to be some problem with the code. When I run a power shell command in my windows PC the images are always in full colour.
I absolutely love the app but I would like it even more if I could see over Europe. I know the developer has said that it is using images from a particular satellite but I am hoping that there are other satellites taking similar pictures of other parts of the world that the developer can implement into the app.
Great idea. As someone living in Europe, I would prefer the picture to lookout over Europe, so the day/night cycle matches my location.   I understand that the source of the picture is Asian, so there might not be location based pictures to fetch?  So in general, great product, as a feature request: Location based view of Earth!
Incredibly cool idea, though every morning the images are in black and white and no a longer live image. Need to clear data and reset wallpaper to restore use
Great idea but I don't like that I can't adjust which part of the earth it covers. I'm Uninstalling for now but would consider using again in the future if I could see my side of the earth.
Great app, highly recommend, images are high res and no performance difference.
Great concept however the current satellite image is not updating.
I wish the view could be adjusted to somewhere other than Oceania. Might that be possible someday?
I hope you can add a feature that allows us to resize it. I want it to be smaller so I can fit more. Thank you
在Pixel 上面显示的图像大小不对，不能铺满整个屏幕。
Nice app and good ui. Would like fixed location support too, if possible
does not work
It doesn't update
Brilliant.
Nice
Would be nice if the updated image would fade in over time until the next update, to appear as if it's moving naturally. Otherwise, still a solid wallpaper. Hope to see future updates.
I'm in North America and would like to see other hemispheres of Earth.  Is this possible in your app?   I only see the southern pacific portion and no way to change.
Great app I really like it but lately it fails to update images even after latest version update
completely fascinating to me.. earth.. space.. downloaded a few apps to try a few out.. excited and eager to see how they all work
Doesn't seem to locate where I am. It's day time here, but the wall paper is almost purely dark
😁不错不错，感谢作者能给我们带来这么棒的东西
自动更新有问题，图片不会变化了
It's not updating the image
Wow, automatically updates! I love it!
This Earth, exciting!
Beautiful wallpaper
Loved it
图片很清晰 希望可以加入时差 在美国白天显示的是黑天的样子 相对于美国是实时的 因为美国比中国慢半天😊
Beautiful and elegant app ! Only thing is when I go to Flight mode during ningt, it will go back to original wallpaper... Samsung S6 edge.
Would be 5* if I could offset the globe, I prefer it to be lower on the screen (not centered).
I really thought it will move..but anyway great
Good wallpaper
非常cool，但是在我的nexus6p上设置了wallpaper后只能显示一小会，然后自动恢复为系统原来最初default的wallpaper了。是阻止运行的问题，现在一切正常。
壁纸很不错哈，但就是想问问:这是颗同步卫星吗？为什么我感觉地球就没自传过？如果地球能转一下，能看看亚欧大陆会更赞的！
用来跟踪台风走向很不错
How to change the time to GMT + 5:30 ?
真棒啊。看起来很好看。
啊哈，不错的样子。very cool
One of the best app in play store.
Clear and simple interface
Great - except for temps displayed in Kelvin as in another review, and data sometimes blanks. This is on an Asus Zenwatch 2.
Has so much information on the screen it's amazing. Sun rise/set, barometer, wind speed/direction humidity, phone/watch battery life info is in addition to the time. Automatic location update is cool but it does not update the time when traveling between time zones (have to select another watch face and then reselect this one). Still it's the only watch face I need.
Would give 5 stars but weather info will disappear after about 10 minutes ever since Marshmallow was installed. Please fix.
The weather info and all other details won't show up...same problem with your other faces... Use to work using my Samsung s4... Please help
why does the weather along the top, the humidity, wind speed and wind direction randomly disappear now and again? Also, it would be nice to have the current temperature displayed separately, I.e instead of the barometer that I do not require, can you make it so we can swap these? fix these two elements and ill change my rating to 5stars :)
Nice watch face, Just big enough text for my old eyes.. I can only get black on green or white on black... where's the green on black? Edit: found it . set to black and white , then select the colour in the next setting.
I can't load this on my gear watch. Developer never responded to my request for help. Disappointing.
Nice !!!
Great having all that info onscreen at a glance.  Only problem is with moto 360 the sunrise and sunset time gets cut off. Wish the screen could be zoom out.
I'm as happy as I can be for such tech. It works well and provides tons of info in a small space. Weather does crash on occasion. Worth the the money though, for sure.
very decent! not perfect in its function, but better than all others i used thus far.
Really useful set of info in one watchface, like it very much.
Does not work
Excellent good job    in zen watch
Nice application
This is a very good watch face. I really like that all the info I need is right there. But with that said this watch face does eat the watches battery but not drastically but you will notice that the battery life has decreased when the face is on.               Edit: I have also noticed that it also decreases the battery life of the watch itself could you please fix this really annoying when my G watch dies halfway through the day
Somehow this app drains the battery on my phone 15% per hour when I have it set as my watch face on my connected sw3.  Don't know why or how.  I do love the watch face though but battery drain makes it impossible to keep.
Has plenty of info. I would request adding current temp and conditions (could combine wind direction and speed), Changing active mode color, and round watch face support
Seems to drain my LG watch in a few hours, whereby my other faces last all day. I set my location to fixed, weather update every three hours and turned the brightness down but still it persists. Lovely looking face and really functional, just not usable due to this.
The toast pop up is too high on the face.  Would prefer it lower.  Great unique looking face with a lot of info.  I really like it
It can't skip the standby screen when powering on if screen is set to sleep. When I tilt my watch it always displays standby b&w or what ever color I chose for a second before switching to active one - green illuminated. Can Yo please fix that and I'll give You 5 star.
It looks great on my G watch, but for some reason even though it has a ton of information, it first show the current temperature, just the future. Find some way to include the current temp, and this would be a five.
This has been my default face for days now - very informational.  Wish there was a spot for current temperature and step count then it would be perfect.
I love this watch face, but for me to give it 5 stars, I need a version for Moto 360, it's hard to read all info from the "corners"
Love this app. Puts all the info I care about on one screen. I didn't care for the green but once I found the black and white option I was sold.
Nice!  Tons of info compacted on the watch screen with nice choice of color options
All the info I want on the screen in a very organized manner.
Works perfectly on my Sony Smartwatch 3
Won't load on gear 2 Neo.
I Love it,Great app
I don't know what service they use for weather, but the temps, humidity, etc are up to 5 degrees off from NWS, Weather Channel, Weatherbug, or Accuweather.
I absolutely love this watch face! But the battery drain is a negative!
Best watch face for LG G
The design is good, but this is pretty buggy with notifications. The text gets mangled.  The notification just gets overlaid transparently on the watch face.  The end result is that you can't read either of them.
If I have this active, even with only hourly updates, my battery dies in about 3-4 hrs (lg g watch)
Very nice.
This watchface is very good visually. However, it displays phone battery incorrectly (59% when it is actually 95%) and there is no current temp display. Manual updates do not change anything even when it is known to be out of date.
Consumes too much power
Nice watch face keep up the good work
Excellent watchface, easily the best in the Playstore. Only wish I could switch photos more frequently than 30 min, but that's a minor quibble. The find my phone feature doesn't seem to work on my 360/Note4 but that's not a big deal to me either.  *edit* Find my phone is working now.
Rubbish not worth the money. Does not shuffle photos on the watch and can't change my favorite telephone numbers. Need refund!
So far loving the app.   I purchased the Pro version, but at times the app doesn't recognize that.   Hopefully it'll correct itself with an update.
I put in preferences that I do not want to see adult content, but I keep getting soft core porn pics available. I have changed the default category for the pictures, so this is no longer a problem. Thanks for answering, and for making a great app!
Liked it so much, this is the first time I've ever paid for a pro version of an app! Fast tech support. Very easy to add your own pics for the watch face. Love the one tap to bring up current appointments, steps and contacts.
Mural Pro has all the features I've been looking for in a great watchface. 1) Choose of colors on the ambient display. 2) Add your own photos and choose duration between switching. 3) Multiple screens for different item. 4) Many useful features in the apps options (setup). 5) Developer responds to questions very quickly. Look over the features in the Playstore description, it's a winner!!
I bought the pro. There is a sync problem. The watch face shown wrong time(20 minutes behind the phone) until a minute or half a minute after sync'ing with the phone corrects itself.
Amazing app exactly what I wanted for changing images , the only thing missing for me is the ability for bigger digits on standby and the ability to change the location of the digits/ date to a custom location
I have an LG 2nd edition LTE, The icons on a watch face are not on Center around the circumference of the watch face this need to be fixed if fixed I will give it 5 stars if that matters.
I grab wallpapers for my watch daily from this awesome app 10/10!!!! And it gets constant updates which adds new features and fixes layout issues. This is the only one out of the dozens of watch apps I constantly use.
Why do you need permission to read confidential data and make calls without my consent? You don't need half the permissions you're asking. Much more permissions asked than any other watchface. DO NOT INSTALL
Vibrates every few minutes unless you buy the pro version. Only one personal photo allowed in the free version so you can't really try it
Could not get it to work on my Gear S2. Wish it would because it has some beautiful pics.
Been waiting over an hour and even after buying the paid version it still doesn't upload new screens I've selected to my watch.
Would have been nice to choose a picture and customize the watchface so I could fully experience it. But I'm not going to pay just to try it
Previous feedback was due to not being able to modify settings on watch. I guess through the app is fair enough. Happy with the app.
Tried countless apps and finally found this one and it really takes advantage of my watch screen !
I wan't to give this app 0 * because from one hour the app is taking to connect only but still isn't connect
App tells me that there is no weather info. Not sure how to fix it
Ugliest watch I've ever seen. Even the free lead in is terrible.
Its awesome. U can choose any pic and those pics are really awesome and attractive
The weather is not updating.
Been great but recently it has not been working and it displays no photos on the ap
Super app.  Am paid member and completely satisfied..  Not changed to any other watch face till date..
Love that I can customize my watchface. I can use my photos, thank you! Has all the features I look for. Great app!!
Very nice.  Can't figure out how to get the photos to shuffle.
It would Never Connect to my Gear S2 Watch !!!
Lame.
best and most well put together moto360 integrative phone app I've  ever seen
Very compatible app definitely worth trying :)
Does what it says and has plenty of faces to choose from and options as well
Excellent watch face. Many needed features on the Pro version.
Don't work
Wonderful app. Many images to use as wallpapers. Fully satisfied
Loved it so much i bought pro!
Excellent  good job professional  thank you
Good watch face I like this app
Nice app, better choice of pictures
Need weather gadget free
Yeah, very nice app indeed
Realy nice, interesting, easy to change colours
Classic one!
Looks damn good! Might take some getting used to though
Tech design, Easy to customise, and amazing colours to rock with apparels👍 loved it!  #fashiongeeks this is what you need ✔
The watch face looks really unique and i love the colours. Must download!👍
I like how I can change colours so quickly.
I really liked this app alot
Good looking
Cool design
Looks cool but for some reason the interactiveity doesn't work for me can I get a refund for premium thanks. Edit:thank you I was so stupid I have premium on oh and also I would love if u add a slimer version of the watch hand
Hi! I have only one question. You guys made really nice watch faces. But I am not that reach to buy every single of them. You don't have any premium account that we can buy once and we can use other faces also?
Up graded to premium and now the watch face does not illuminate with the second hand. Tried to uninstall and re-download no change.  Found it, had show goals instead of seconds checked.
It seem like stat or all those google fit sync not working for current day...already try activate google fit but still show 0...switch to other face then working fine...
I purchased premium but my weather forecast doesnt work. Let me know if someone can help.
Seller said that watch long hands will be remove next update but few time update didn't removed, very disappointed. Long hands blocking the date and all important features. Wave my money didn't use at my watch.
Quick question.... Can I get the military time and the regular digital time to show up at the same time?
Sucks doesn't work basically the interactive doesn't work glitches it's the worst thing ever
very nice but I don't know why the facer can't show the steps data, keeping "0, no steps data" even I walk whole day
Nothing works, No shortcuts, phone battery doesn't update. Contacting for refund.
The reminders can not be switched off
Can't figure out how to get it into the actual watch
Can't get it to load on my watch..
does not open on my KW88 in spite of telling me it was compatible
Satisfied
For the most part a great app. Main reason for only 3 stars is it is very annoying trying to rely on the weather as it never updates on its own, have to go into settings on phone and hit the update button everyone, it's set to update every 30 mins but never does
Not bad, once you get it installed it works as advertised.
Can't buy premium from any store (Sweden, Serbian, USA)
Got the premium version. I do a resync apps & still not showing up to even try the watch face. Installed for Moto 360 1st Gen. So, how do I get a refund?
Weather must have to pay for cause it won't load on the watch. Many other annoying issues that dont work
Pit on phone bought premium and got on smartwatch it doesn't load up sadly. I have a Lemfo lf16 smartwatch. All other apps faces work. Android 5.1
Every time when I restart the watch or changed back from another face, the preset time zone will become local time zone. I have to set the time zone again. I need two difference time show on my watch.
no step data. connected to FIT and did a uninstall and install. no help. No apps running in background. Other watch face works fine
Looks good but has a problem with keeping the settings. It changes colors randomly.
Good but not perfect, too much on the screen and I will often not be able to see dates as hands cover up them up
The weather does not work, this is a sony smartwatch 3
Downloaded the free app... then u have to pick a different face and pay for it... AFTER u already downloaded it
If this app allowed you to choose an option for the menu that involved sms  (texting) then it would be a five. Hopefully see this in an update.
Didn't  work at all just a blank screen
Nice looking watch face, but interactive touch spots do not work.
The dual time is not working, it shows the same time as local time.
It would be 5 star if it worked on my Samsung gear 3 too
Has all the info I need
WILL NOT TANSFER TO WATCH
Don't support kingwear kw88
It's simply gorgeous.
One of my favorites on my Moto 360 2nd gen
Unlike the power watchface, this does work!
Awesome watch face love it 😁*****
Not working scam
Bit expensive, but a lovely design. Looks good on my LG G (square face) would like to see more from this design house.
Not matter what I set the weather icon would not show up.
No customization, does not even support Celsius.
I love this! I'm especially glad that this is open source so I can learn to make my own watch face :)
Uses some weird medieval temperature scale.
Very simple and minimalistic. Just what I'm looking for. More color options would be nice.
Temperature not right
Nice and simple watch face
After an hour this hasn't shown up on my watch. I no longer expect it to. Did notice any text suggesting round watches only though the photos make me suspicious. I'm not convinced this watchface does anything.
Thanks for putting the code up on Github. 😁
Clean
Bottom bezel completely covers the weather. Any way for a fix?
Great look and feel of the watchface. I don't know what weather provider you use though cause it is certainly not -3 degrees celcius in Australia right now 👍
Has everything I need when I take a look at my watch : time and weather
Best marketing ever... Installing just for that...

Really wanted to love it but the setting are broken f to c and 12 hr switch broken... Looks fancy but maybe little hard to glance at quickly. so sorry
When it works, Weather doesnt show on moto 360 using note 4 on lollipop
Nice watch face but I can't display the weather. 15 Apr update: the weather icon is now partially hidden in the edge, is it by design???
Weather icon and degrees do not show up
Superb
Face will crash occasionally if I set the display time to anything other than 5 seconds. Also both passive mode faces look really really bad. Should have stuck with simple full size hands.
Too busy and cluttered to make out.   Nice Idea, but poorly designed.
Must be a rip off
Paid for a what I thought was a cool watch face turns out to be the disappearing watch face never made it to phone or watch.....so basically I gave away my hard earned money, guess that's the way it works disappointment is the word for this one, no refund button either.
Thought it'd be better but still ok 👌
Have tried to make watch face setting changes on both the watch and phone. No changes to the watchface.
I just downloaded 2 of ur designs have same issues as others??? They are not showing up in  wear
I bought several watches from you guys and none of them shows up in the wear app!
Gears move way too  fast like the other guy said.  Looks like a crappy animation on the watch the ad looks 100x better then it really is.  Plus the app won't load until the refund button stops working.  As $ holes.. Don't buy.  Try another one. Refund me scoon.you have my account email. Had nothing to do with blue tooth sync, the app downloaded and refused to show itself until after I wasnt able to use the refund button. I know the app is cheap but it's the principal of your false advertising
Looks fantastic, but crashes within seconds of launching on my moto 360.
New to smart watches, can't seem to figure out how to use this app and open it on my phone or watch..... HELPPP!! (I will change to a 5 star review once I get it figured out)     UPDATE: My watch needed to be updated once I updated it, it worked fine. Also, within 48 hours (on a saturday) the designer emailed me on instructions. Looks awesome! Wish I could add or remove some dials and customize it a bit... seems like a lot of moving parts I'd like to simplify a bit to make it look a little more real.
The developer is prompt to resolve issues.
It works but gears move to fast, drains battery completely in less than 4 hours, on a normal watch face I get up 32 hrs
Doesn't work on Samsung Gear Live
Beautiful
Well done you listened and sorted out the ambient mode. A sign of a good developer. But on Samsung gear it must be all black and white for the 3rd ambient mode. What is happening is because there is still colour in the corners of the square screen. It still mucks up.
Update has fixed all, and this face will get even better I believe. Thanks devs.
Best watchface I have downloaded/purchased
The watch face worked great for about the first 24 hours. After that the animations stopped working. Tried to unistall & reinstall the app still nothing. Review update: Saw the fix right below my post after the fact. Fixed the issue. 4 star!
Great app, will recommend this to all my friends.  Keep up the good work
Now that I know how to find it it on my phone and watch, I am very happy with it!!!
Works & looks great as long as it's set to sweep for the second hand, a bug I hope is soon ironed out or pointed out in the instructions.
Love the look of the watch face, I've been following since you guys started the design of it. Wasn't sure how to change things through watch face till I received a link on it which I felt kinda slow on. Should of realized it first haha.  But you did an amazing job..
Although a complex watch face, colors may be selected which make it easier to read. I would like to see the secondary face on my G Watch R to be much more simplified, though. I can't wait to see how you incorporate weather into the design!
Had earlier bought two more watch faces from 72watches site and accidentally deleted them how can I get the download links again
I love tourbillon watch this is just amazing
Looks like a kids toy up close personally. Textures appear too graphic like not real enough. Not to mention it crashed instantly after about 2 seconds of use.
Tried a little to hard to be intricate and it comes off as chinsy and fake.
This looks amazing on my Motorola 360. As a fellow designer I can see all the hard work put into this. 5 star rating from me guys!
Works well with lots of configurations.
Garbage
I have to say this watch face looks beautiful. It looks great on my LG G Watch. It's a must try. This face is crisp and clear. It's great.  If the resolution is increased somehow it'll look superb. So that's why 4 stars
Its a really nice watch face but its really choppy and pixelated on my moto 360...need an update to fix that other than that its really cool looking.
Great watch face!
Great face...
I have a Sony SmartWatch 3... And it seems the time font is too big. The date and seconds don't fit. Can you help?
No matter what I do this will not appear on my Moto smart watch
Used to love this watch face.  However, now the time shows up right shifted and down.  So all I can see is the time, but no date or seconds or AM/PM.  No battery icon either.
I have an LG Urbane 2nd Edition and when I select this watchface the time and everything is off center and too big
Asus Zen watch had time display offset making it difficult to read.
This watchface is absolutely brilliant.... When it works. I've got the LG G Watch, but it only wants to work half the time.
KNIGH RIDER KITT
Not showing up in the android wear app or the watch itself. Please fix, based on pictures this looks cool and definitely will re-rate if fixed.
after installation says hold longtouch to activate but cant find it anywhere
Doesn't even load up
Canot install on china made smartwatches?
I love it
Love it
Very nice Application I Like It Thanks
Must try
Very attractive
Cool app
Good graphic. Good idea.
It's a bargain. Cute and clever.
He added time change so it changes as the day passes. No lag at all when transitioning.
This is a really great wallpaper. However if I'm permitted to suggest. If this app will be able to have real time weather.  Like rain, sunny, cloudy, windy, snowy,  thunderstorms and etc. and also if the night time is a little darker. This would really be great.
It looks great, full version > free.
This app is very good and beautifull
Looks really cool. Nice size fonts. Lots of info on screen. Setting's screen is ok but did need a bit of getting use to.
Nice app love it wish it had more art more options for the font for the small time and also 12 hour option too. Some of the pictures you can't even see the clock.
Please add more high quality backgrounds, and the ability to change to 12 hour time. Arigato gozaiimasu!
I wish I could add a custom wallpaper (in the paid version).   I loved the app, please keep it updated! :)
Nice watch face's ..thanks
Probably i can't use it or set it up wrong, am using cperia Z Ultra with SW2. Is it compatible? Just can't seem to change my watchface. N ots a paid app. If it was free, i wouldn't have bothered. Help??
Looks good
Would be great to: 1. be able to change text color - sometimes it's not really readable; 2. Disable seconds - it's nice but I don't need them, and they are making overall watch face less calm and stable. Despite those requests - awesome watch face!
Doesn't work on Sony Z2 Experia and/or Sony smart watch 2.
Cant works at htc one
this is a great app and works really well.  I found a little bug and the developers were quick to respond and even faster in resolving the issue.  would recommend to anyone.
I love the wallpapers! However, could settings be added to change the size of the roman and kanji characters? Thanks!
works great!
Nice idea, but can't change clock / see Batt / weather / date etc. Litually digital ambient clock, rock it to show video clip with small digital clock at top and stops again. Needs more options to make it shine but as before nice idea... Just finish it off with optional different analogue/digital designs and widgets like Batt or date or weather please
I love this watch face, the only problem I am having is only being able to upload 1 gif. I really like the idea of this though.
It wont change from nyan cat and i keep trying and waiting but nothings happening even after i tried reinstalling it
Works good. I was a little concerned about battery life, but it doesn't seem to be so much. I would like to have the choice of more fonts and showing date and battery life
It's pretty cool to use GIFs as a Watch Face.
It is showing watch is connected and the watch and phone are connected to same wifi network but when i change the video ,it is updating on app watch screen but not updating on watch. Only works if i uninstall and install and again for next video vice versa. Please update the issue , its a great app.
I like it, but have had to stop using it as it is causing burn in on my g watch r. This is because of the date having a white background in ambient mode, and is big enough so that even when moving the watchface (part of the g watch r's burn in protection) it still causes burn in. It would be nice if there was an option to invert the date (white text on black background) then I could go back to using it. 😉
I like this watchface, clean and provide usefull info on watch. However some minor bugs, date number not centerd, is too far left off the circle. Also brightness in dim/ambient mode is too high. Maybe it's better to add option to add brightness controll for wake and ambient mode.
I downloaded several watch faces which I ended up refunding or uninstalling as they weren't as good as pictured - this one I kept and looks great on my AsusZen only wish the seconds indicator could be changed to another function like steps...
Developer's done a lot to fix early bugs, but the off-center date digits still persist on watches like the Moto 360 v2, and Huawei Watch. They're too far to the left of their circle background. Animations and legibility are topnotch.
Weather does not sync with local weather. Stuck at 32f.  For something that i paid money for it. It should have been tested and debugged.
Very nice watch face.  Only issue is, it is not picking up my battery level from my phone (Moto 360 watch and Samsung S5 phone).
Good clear design love it! Brought loads from this developer and never been disappointed. Would look cool if there was an option to take out hour and min hands. But leave the seconds and digital time...? ;) really like this one tho. Keep up with the great designs guys!
my weather didnt work!  and plz put manual location for weather..
Phone battery level is incorrect.
Love having analog and digital displays including seconds. Elegant look and the battery meters are great.
Dev's... Everything is good but missing is we can't change the background colour of the watch. Please give us that option.
I know with 2.0 your supposed to install from store on the watch but I can't get the watch to show up there.
Won't load
Looks good and it has the most important settings in the app. Good job
All the options work and don't lose their settings
My new favorite watch face for the Z2. Easy on the battery as well.
Nice but Weather doesn't work on my Moto 360. :(
Please, where is the refund option.
Add more full ambient mode please
Definitely one of my favorites. Good work.
Only gripe that I have is that the battery info is hard to see as it is not bright like the rest of the lettering on my Moto 360.
Ambient mode is fully visible in direct sunshine and it's only the second watch face I can say this about. Very classy design, looks great on my LGr.  Could do without the garish faux reflections on the full mode but that's nitpicking.. Highly recommended
nice face watch, it would be great if you can put additional color option for dimmed mode.
Would be great if the amount of data in ambient Mode could be adjusted.  Just too much data for my taste and wastes battery
Date is too small to read.
I Really like this watchface BUT it crashes waaaaaaay too often. Please fix this because it's really inconvenient and annoying!
A beautiful and simple watch face that actually looks like a watch face. Looks great on my LG Watch Style. No fuss and easy to read the time.
I'd be fine with the 6 being removed for moto 360 watches
Looks great. Would be nice to have a Moto 360 specific face though that didn't cut off the 6 at the bottom. Maybe just move it up or remove it?
Looks good.  Maybe add a small digital or day of the week
Very elegant
Very nice but would be better if had more info on face like battery level
Finally! A binary watchface that has all the options it should have, including 12 hour format! The only thing I'd like to see is more color choices or a rgb or hex color picker.
Would like more customization, but great face overall.
Watch and phone battery levels are off. Plus it could really use a date window.
Simple and elegent. The use of HD image is something other watch faces lack, rooms for inprovement might be a sweeping second hand perhaps
It's a five star watch except for the annoyance it the app drawer where it doesn't need to be.
I really like this design. The dark background images especially. It would be nice to be able to suppress some images from the auto rotation. Since running this watch face my watch has run out of battery in half the time it usually does, this has happened two or three times. I don't know if it us this app, but I haven't installed anything else in that time period. Nobody else has mentioned this so I only mention in case it helps the developers.
Love this watch face...I've tried many others and this one works well, looks great and doesn't drain the battery!  I prefer the digital read out because its easier to read..would be great if the the analog theme also had a small digital read out at the top (so to not interfere with the cards, and moto 360 flat tire.)...  A must have for future releases is the ability to use on white faced designs in the day and black at night. Its just too hard to see the black in direct sunlight.  Cheers!
Can't complain, so far, it's everything it should be... I don't particularly care about the movements though, just a nice simple image would suffice for me. Or at least the option to disable the movement. & ability to add watch & phone information of you wouldn't mind please. Update: after about a minute, it went black momentarily... And after installation, battery went from having 25hrs to 19hrs available.
I love it when the watch face makers make ambient mode that are elegant, classy, save batter, and are not too bright at night. One thing is I wish there were preferences on this watch when it comes to colors. Just a personal preference, but I like to be able to choose between masculine and feminine designs.
I just can't change the image and I can't find any options other than the time settings. Hopefully it'll cycle on its own because I'm stuck with a glaringly bright white face. Moto X 2014 with first gen lg g watch.
Pretty good watch face. Just wish we could pick the watch hands colors and pick a set of faces to rotate.  I don't like all of them. HUGE battery drain on my Moto 360
I normally make my own in Facer, but liked the look of these. The only thing I would want is the option to have the analog second hand rotate while using the digital clock.
Using this on the Huawei W1. This is the best face I've come across so far, I have many premium paid for collections and it upsets me that I keep coming back to this. Ok it only tells you the time, I like to see the date as well, but what it does it does very well and with such an elegant and pleasing way. Very happy with this free face, should be premium really.
It took me awhile to figure out how to use this.  I fell love with It. It really shows the awesome nature if the moto 360.  I installed this application before I got the watch on Christmas Eve.  I want to explore more options similar to this one.
UPDATE: It does not show up on my LG G Watch R even after the update. Nice faces actually look like Apple Watch designs sometimes. Eats up battery quickly on Moto 360 due to animations. Maybe an option to turn animation off in the future?
Major flaw: the logo is in the way of notifications in ambient mode, so you have to unlock the watch to see them. Otherwise this would be 5 star!
This definitely has to be in my list of top five watch faces. I actually feel bad that I haven't paid a dime for it.
I find myself looking at my watch to see what its going to look like. Its bright and colorful and just what i want.
In ambient mode on moto360 the peek card doesn't cover the signature making it unreadable and ugly.
Love the gorgeous face designs and the hourly cycling images. Also love that the app doesn't ask for Internet access, GPS or anything else that a watch face clearly does not need. If I could ask for anything, it would be: 1) More images (of course) 2) I think the analog display looks much classier, but it would be nice to have the option to add a small digital overlay for easy reading 3) Would be nice to be able to select only "night-time" (black) or "daytime" (white) backgrounds for the cycle
I think it'd be a great option to still have an image, at least, in dim mode. The beauty of the watchface can only be appreciate when it's being used and then it dims fairly quickly. I would like to have the option of the face to be visible during dim mode even if the battery was drained more, I wouldn't mind at all.
Took me a while to figure out how to change the picture (you have to do it from the Android Wear app on your phone) but now that I've got that worked out I love it.
This beautiful, animated face perfectly showcases the tech of Moto 360. Best face I've found so far. I love that it changes day to night.
just reinstalled it for the third time,  and it finally shows up on my Android wear options. Beautiful :)
Looks great on my Huawei watch. It works flawlessly and I love how it darkens for evening. People notice my watch because the watchface captures their attention. Very artfully done. Thank you Dev for creating this beautiful face!
These are my favorite watch faces so far... The annimations are awesome and add a nice touch. The day/white backdrops are gorgeous and elegant,  while the night/black backdrops are vivid and stunning!  I have a tough time choosing so I do the option to cycle new face  every hour!
Would be nice if the text would disappear when in ambient mode as it interferes with peek cards. Also a date toggle would be nice.
I love this app, the backgrounds are gorgeous, but I wish there was the option to remove images from the auto rotate so I get to see all the images - there are a few beautiful ones that cycle at late night or early morning that I have never seen and others that cycle though the day that I don't like as much. Otherwise I love it!
I thought this looked a bit girly for my taste so I was hesitant to try it but it's very nicely done. I'd recommend this for anyone.
I have the update on gear live and they still don't show up. I'll give it a better rating when I can get to work.
Love how the watch face updates each hour. Also love that everytime the watch face turns on.... the background has movement
Is this watch face for an android wear watch? I have the Asus zenwatch 2 and would love these faces but I can't even open the app on my phone. But the designs I see in the playstore are beautiful. Thanks.
Love all the designs! I just wish it had some interactive options so I could easily see the date/weather/how many steps I've taken. But overall it's my favorite watch face!
Gives my watch a more girly look, love the black or white background options and different colors to match what I wear. You can change the colors on your phone through android wear.
Clear and easy to read whilst being stylish and cool.
Like the way it changes its display..just a small thing is missing in it..pls add date.. other all its #fabulastic
You must have Android Wear 5 to use this. The watch faces are beautiful and change throughout the day. The background and hands change from white and black, respectively, to black and white as the time transitions from day to night.
As a first gen watch face, this puppy takes the cake! Beautifully done. I can only imagine what these guys could do with better hardware... and software!
I absolutely love this design but it's incredibly draining on my Zenwatch battery, so I decided to stop using it.
I'm using lenovo and when i successfully installed this app, it can't appear in my phone. What should i do? Thx
Thanks to previous reviews I've successfully managed this to my liking, otherwise it was hard to operate at first. Super cool spinning picture when touched.
5 star updated. Just had to reinstall for it to show.
I enjoy this watch face. I wish it had more functionality.  Still...perfect in its elegant simplicity.  NO NOTES FOR YOU!  :)
Downloaded the watch face for my Samsung Gear Live (even tried re-installing), however, it does not appear in Android Wear as an available face. Please fix!
Would really like to individually set the background color, since white on AMOLED screens is pretty harsh.
This app was working great until the last update I did nothing, except the update, and now my watch refund out of battery before the end of my day. Before the update, I could go two days before recharging it. I have it as a three because it used to be a five and now it's a zero in my opinion. Please fix this issue.
This app is great! I really like the placement of the date and day and the quality is so good that you can see your photo well and still pick out the information that you want. The free version has everything that I want but I am going to pay to upgrade because this is so good! I love my watch again!
When i change the app this app dosnt work. I changed my ph note edge to note 4
Won't work.
Watch face not changing?
Won't let me change to my photo selected
Switch from a galaxy s6 to s8 and not it won't work doesn't show up on watch
Can't change hands, or switch to digital
It looks nice... Good job
Love it👍💯💙
Rubbish
This has been one of my favourite watch face till I upgraded to andrond wear 2.0. I am not able to install on android wear 2.0 because this app doesnt appear in search result in play store of android wear 2.0. Am I missing something?
Works fine pairing a galaxy S7 with a LG Urbane
Won't keep photo you take, for the brief time (1 minute) your photo does show up in the list, you can not edit it, crop it, rotate it... they have buttons but none function other than to delete your photo. With no working adjustments to the photo, it is sideways in the app and upside down on my watch.  Also ad covers bottom 1/4 of screen covering up the last 2 photos which are the one(s) you just uploaded. Useless, uninstalling.
Selected photo appears instantly on watch face. Even though it displays more like a water colour than a photo on a Sony Smartwatch 3 (probably more to do with the watch display properties than the app), it certainly enables a refreshing change to the watch face 😃 UPDATE: The latest Wear update dramatically improves the display. Pics now look much better - four and a half stars!👍
Only comment the text you can enter on phone app can be too long for phone screen, either wrap text on watch or limit characters that can be entered in the app.
Tried on 3 different Android wear watched it don't work waste of time uninstalling!
Wouldn't let me rotate or crop photo, showed it sideways and couldn't see an option to send it to phone. Pointless! Uninstalling.
Despite of following all the steps, no use.
Fun and pretty easy app. Loaded my family portrait on there.
Works perfectly with Sony smart watch 3
Cannot remove analog watch and use only digital
Works perfect with Lg G watch
Doesn't work!!!
Would have given 5* but cannot rotate personal pictures on to watch. All my photos sideways on device.
Not working
Good
Very fine , I love it
I'm easily bored and have ADHD. On both my computer and phone, I have constantly changing wallpaper. I love the fact that I can change my watch picture whenever I want.
This is the best app there is.  This app makes my Moto 360 what I want it to be.  Great job.
So easy to use!  5 stars all the way!
Fantastic Application
Thank you samsung! Apple on some sb for us to pay this app.. smh
okk
Will not allow me to use one of my photos for the Watch face. Does not work with moto 360
Took a few tries after initial dl but worked fine with any pics I had in my photo gallery.  👍
Don't understand..my photo sent to watch to use rotates sideways not as I want it
Tried to apply a picture and it does absolutely nothing! App will not work at all! I Uninstalled- re-installed still won't work!
It works. .
Just one annoying thing: The time disappears when I tap on my screen. It would be great when I could turn it off! :)
This is my go-to watch face. It looks fantastic, especially in ambient mode.  Most watch faces look terrible in ambient mode, but not this one. I even like the blue glow that indicates the hour. It would be perfect if you could see exact battery percentages instead of the tiny meters. Removing a star until battery percentages are numbered.
Just average. It doesn't look premium. More watch face makers need to try to get as close to premium watch face design as possible. Look at Tag, Rolex, Omega, Breitling, etc and go from there. These watchfaces are cartoonish and childish in comparison. Not every tech guy is a nerd. Some actually have style and class.
Good looking, but disappointed that you cannot change the date format.  I would like to be able to show "VEN, 8 JANV" on just one line without the year... but I cannot.  Now it shows "8 VEN. JANV2016" on 2 lines which is difficult to read.
Why is the battery life so bad? After 8 hours I have 6% of life left. I love the face, but it's unusable.
Synch confusing and dual time doesn't easily save. Once set is a good option.
Great watch face, but since update in December the update weather button does not work. It will be 40 degrees but the watch shows 21 degrees (on all three weather sources). Go to watch page on phone and you can't press the update button.  I can on other interactive watch faces but not on Dual Watch Face.
Weather doesn't work unless you update it from the app manually. Could do with an hourly buzz function.
Still buggy. My favourite ready made watch. So sad it's so buggy.
The weather update does not work which is enough for me to look elsewhere for a new watch face.
I love analog/digital combo faces and I think this is one of the best looking. I really like the dual battery indicator too. LG Watch Urbane
The weather does not update
Nice face just wish they gave option to change the font
It looks good. But how do I adjust the second time
But is it compatible with Samsung gear s2
Make a square face
Cant configure dual time zone...doesnt work
Add a step counter it would be 5 star
Excellent watch face, that is permanently on my watch
Good
As the subject says It always stops working after a few seconds. I even tried to reset. Moto 360 2nd gen. Please fix.
Since update keeps stopping, doesn't load properly. LG Watch R
Well done as you expect from Rich Face. Not quite as sharp as some of their others. Good customization options.
I like this watch face a lot. Really like that you've included the weather detail.
I like this watch face very much. Please please please add brightness setting for dim/ambient mode.
Love full ambient mode hope you apply it to all your watch faces
Please update the app as mentioned in previous comments to remove the blue glow on the outer bezel. Would give 5 stars if the option was available. Thanks
Textures and resolution look great on moto 360. Being able to have a smooth second hand and stay illuminated for 25 seconds also lets you show off the watch a bit more when people notice it (which happens on a daily basis). Just a classic,great looking and useful watch face. Highly recommended, especially for the price.
The look caught my eye..  But on my moto 360 it wasn't as crisp as it could be, also to temperature won't update even after restart,  the weather refresh button does not seem to work..  It shows 32 degrees all the time..  When it's 88 outside.. Lol
Font size on date, time and temperature smaller than the picture. Gauges that show battery level for watch and phone are not functional. I have a Nexus 6 and Huawei watch.
I have a Sony Smartwatch 3 and there is a big blank spots on every corner. Can you please update date? Thanks
Nice face, if you are going to remove the blue accent please make it optional. Also, like the dotted font for the other time but maybe a clearer font for the tinier text.
Looks great on my lg g r runs very smooth. I have one suggestion though is the ability to turn off the blue glow that follows the hour hand.
I had many watch face designs, but most of the time this is my choice! Awesome! Oh yes! Please do not remove the blue sunray reflection! I love it...
This could be much nicer.
Great watchface. The battery usage is high. I hope it will be fixed. Then it's very cool.
Looks attractive in moto360. But the temperature is not updating. Please fix
Don't show up on lg g r. Refund
Awesome on my Moto 360, LG R
Looks good on G Watch R.
Nice watch face!
Batwatch does fit on my round faced lg style very sad
Great app but can you change the temp for Celsius to Fahrenheit
As I said about the app that has all these watch faces in it, you have to pay for any that have weather options & you don't know if they work, we'll this one does not work for my area in the UK, say 18° rain yet it's 20° & sunny.
Cannot change C to F.
Great watchface but I only wanted to try this and the steampunk face. It took awhile for it to install on my watch and when it did I could no longer refund it. Could I get a refund now so I can buy the steampunk face?  Thank you.
I wanted to love the watch face but it keeps on crashing Android Wear and just bogs down the watch completely. I am using it on a Zenwatch 2.
Great detail and creativity in all your creations. Please bring your Punisher watch face to Play Store. Thanks. 👍👍
Love your watch face, big fan of deadpool.
This watch face works perfectly, and is massively customisable but I don't find it either practical for my needs or attractive. Maybe this has to do with having a square watch (SW3) and being used to the face I have had for the past 18 months. I'll happily recommend it from a functionality point of view and it installed and operates 100%..... but the pics on the Android Authority review made it look very different from my reality. Still, it wasn't a heap of money and I hope the developer puts it to good use
This watchface is sick. With the always on feature for my LG Watch Urbane 2 the ambience mode is really cool. My only gripe is that no matter how many times I disable the analog hands, it reverts back to enabled as soon as I exit the settings. Would be a 5 otherwise.
I love the watch faces (and icon packs) from The Phlash and have purchased a number of them. The only gripe I have is with the weather reading. The watch face always seems to be about 10 degrees off the actual temp. I have tried different settings, but not much success. Very possible I have the settings incorrect. Either way, awesome job.
Tha Phlash has been styling my phone with icon packs and now watch faces since he started his jams and I hope he never stops. Buy all his watch faces and the only problem you'll have is choosing which one.
Dang, this face is totes dank legit. Really on point. I dig how they keep the analog in there for aesthetics (and generally looking cool), but also leave the digital in there for quick watch glances. The space management is real sick, to boot.
I poked around through some different faces, and they all were a disappointment. I wish I had started with this one! Excellent face, very customizable. I have an issue with the temp being inaccurate, but I saw it addressed in a previous review, so I'll sit tight!
I have a s2  classic . I cannot get this watch face to work. I am going to uninstall and maybe get my money back.                                     I recieved a note about my rating. I will change it as I have been informed the app will not wok with the gear s2 classic. To bad as it looks inviting.  When I get my funds back I will be more exited.
I like it a lot. Looks great. I had the issue where the battery was stuck at 70 but thanks to phlash replying to everyone I was able to fix the issue. Just change the watch face to something else and switch back to this one.
This is a super slick watch face. Lots of customization. Top not notch all around. It is replacing Navi watch face also from Tha Phlash. I'll be using this new mercenary watch face on my moto 360 for a long time.
...the Display Screen On Time lasts only a few seconds before fading out on my LG G Watch R. I have the same issue with the NOW watch face
I really like it.  Only problem is the phone battery % is stuck at 70%.  Using a Moto 360 and Moto X Pure.
As always man nothing but the best from you man! Always the most polished watches, clean lines and the stuff I want woke up looking for something fresh and dope checked on ur updates and another stunner. Any chance you can add seconds to the digital part of the watch? Thanks again Homie.
Did everything in the description and and 2 days later still don't have the app on my watch.
So far so good, crashed once but I just reselected the watch face and it fixed it. Awesome job!! I've had it a few hours and have already gotten a bunch of compliments. Props bruh!!
Won't install on my LG g watch
Tons of customisations!😎  Looks great on my moto 360⌚
Plenty of customization and works great with Huawei and Asus Zenwatch 2. Kudos to the developer.
It does what I need it to do, and I really enjoy the design. Very functional.
Really nice watch face for our favorite merc with the mouth
Absolutely flawless!
It's badass
Dope
Tha PHLASH is great.  Great Customer Service and the faces are very user friendly and have a lot of customization. .
Customization for the win!
Very nice
Laggy
Good
I'd love a dark version of this with gold hands and notches
over the years (=months) simply the fittest, thx!
I usually like simple and clean, yet I feel it has unmet potential.
Bakwass tareen
I keep coming back to this face.  The time of day is a little hard to see sometimes with certain color combos.  But the face overall is just so gorgeous.  I can't help but keep on coming back.
Verrrry nice indeed!    I'm feeling a bit dense, so how do you (can you?) change from 24- to 12-hour format?
Did not show up after installing on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Active or my LG Urbane
It does not work on huawei watch android 6 . I cant even see it icon on my watch
Does not Sync with my G Watch. Such a shame as it looks great. uninstalled.
Doesn't work on Huwaei watch! Is there a way?
Does not work with the free version if watch maker
After downloading not showing  anywhere  moto 360
Please make that more clear in the top of the description rather than at the end.
Would be nice to have the logo on the ambient screen. Otherwise a very good looking watch. Very professional & high end. Well done!
It doesn't show up in my Android wear app or my lg g watch r.
Can't see it on my hauwai watch
I love this design and the functionality. Very nice job. How do I change the temp from C to F?
It might be nice if l could use this but it won't show up on my downloads..
It does not show anywhere in the download nor in the apps drawer!
It's not showing in my Android wear for my Huawei watch

none of your watch faces has worked on my LG mercury
This is the kind if watch face I imagined when I bought my Moto 360!
It has everything I searched for. Looks and functions. Used on LG G Watch Urbane.
Bakwaas app is non locking
Look awesome.
Can't use it.  Does not show up.
I can't believe I missed this awesome watch. Has everything that I need. Wow
Too many color combinations, too little time.
Not showing after installing
Doesn't show up on Moto 350 or LG Urbane, smh
Alvi
Installed but can't find it anywhere
Fantastic watch face enough said
Does not show up on Huawei watch
Don't show up after download
Not working
Woh
Looks great
Love it
Great
Awesome

Just won't load downloads fine but won't appear on my watch or in Android wear or anywhere and it's a pretty looking one
Great watch face with bare minimum impact on battery life. A request to the dev though, is it possible to have it switch from light and dark mode automatically based on sun rise/sun set times? That'd be perfect !
Can you add a non military clock view? And idk what is up with the notifications but they take up a large portion of the screen. Is there a toggle to keep them small untill needed?
More customisations, I'd love to see AM/PM options and the I'm not a fan of the spots inside the zeros, if there's an an option to remove those I think it would look better
Simply elegant
Minimal, elegant and simple
Gorgeous face
Great app. Great Developer.
Sweet sauce
But please add a 12 hr clock option for us ignorant American folk ;)
I began to see signs of burn-in on my G Watch R within a day of using this watch face. It uses a thick block font, even in ambient mode which Wear design guidelines warn against. Definitely a good-looking watch face, but not a practical one for always-on AMOLED screens.
Drying
Settings was completely broken on my nexus 6. It immediately crashes upon opening.
The watch first showed my location as islamabad, now it just shows a weird search string
The settings don't work. It crashes every time I try to open it
location does not work at all
Works fine on mine LG Urbane
Don't need to know if it's raining in izlamabad...when ur in UK. Apart from that problem would have been ok but the app just crashes before you can set anything. . :(
Nice concept but failed to show up in android wear on my 360.
just says download pending and never opens
To get it to work, needed to on watch, install this app, open it and set the first watch face.
App won't launch in android wear app so couldn't change any settings. Uninstalled. Edit re response... The app was installed on both phone and app, Still kept crashing. Pixel 2 xl running 8.0
Tried to use this ap and the face never changed.I went to settings DON'T  see how to enable . This is the second ap.😣
Couldn't get it to work on Moto 360 2nd gen
Does not option to open app only uninstall . Tried three times...
Never was able to use it; never even showed up on Android Wear
I've used this for 2 Christmas  seasons on moto 360 2nd gen without problems
Love it!
No change after an hour.  Not sure if I needed to change settings.
after an hour all it said was get more faces...
Loved it
Battery and date not displaying
Hi Stephane. The pressure and weather will not update no matter what i do. Please fix. Using CYYZ and CYKZ...No luck. Also, maybe have choice of red or blue hands on a white background with black indicators? Just a suggestion. Thanks!
But on my SW3 the date is slightly obscured by the 3 and the date could be a little bit larger. In my opinion the text box spoils the look of the watchface so please make it optional. Also the batter meter is a little bit too large as it covers the 6.
Downloaded watch face because of the metallic blue color on my Huawei watch and it looks great! The ambience mode could be a little better (didn't show the info circles) but does show the date which was a must for me. I like that you can customize the face but is limited to things like the length of the tick marks.
I had the LG Urbane and my favorite face was the stock Chronus face. I just got the Huawei Watch and was going to miss the LG face.  This one is not identical but it's very similar in color and style and Im happy with it
I really like the look of the watch face, but a full color ambient mode would make it perfect. It looks too good to be hidden by a black and white ambient mode! Also, an option to increase the screen on time before ambient turns on would be appreciated.
Best purchase for custom watch face.  The sweeping seconds hand is perfect and the dark blue starburst dial blends in beautifully with my ZenWatch 2's midnight blue bezel!  Please add a Second Time Zone dial!
Watch face look nice, but app did not made any shortcut to configuration so I needed to create my own to configuration activity. It is buggy I guess
Never showed in watch faces
Why get rid of the transparency adjustment from the free version?
Excellent, great looking watch face
Works great
There are so many watch faces out there that either have poor ambient displays or chew up your battery.  These faces tick all of the boxes.  Great work!!!!!
Last updated was in March so it isn't compatible with new Android Watch. It never showed up in watch faces.
Exactly the same as the Chronos watch face from the LG Urbane
The app loads and shows you the weather for the next several hours as designed, but does not display notification cards of any type. It doesn't display cards or vibrate when you receive a text, call, email or notification of any kind.
cannot find the this watch face after install (android wear, watchmaker, facer all dont have)
After install cannot find ?!? Sorry to tell you that My Gear2 still cannot use your app.
Best  app,i really recommend is something you would like to see in your watch, good job

Good
Though I don't have an Android watch yet, I'm just going to download and keep this before the developer starts charging for this awesome face. This guy is genius in customer service for a free app.
So much info in such a small space - love it!!
Nice
This is a life saver to get the notifications I need and not be overwhelmed with the clutter.
Great app, works well, never miss an alert or important message.  Great for oncall people
This is a good App. I use it for text and email alerts. Quite comprehensive app.  Emailed developer regarding a minor issue and was prompt with his reply. Definitely recommend this app. One thing I do wish fixed is the length of time notification bar shows the exclamation mark before it disappears. I have to quickly get to my device before the alert in the notification bar disappears. If I miss it then I have to try to catch it during the next alert cycle. It has kinda become a game now. lol. Regardless it a good app and I hope one day Glen can include missed call alerts as well
Only thing I have found disappointing is that the notification pop up cancels repeating sound alerts so that you cannot effectively have both. If you want repeating sound alerts you cannot have pop up notification. Unless I don't know how but I tried for days lol and couldnt do it.
Excellent tool for anybody that does after hours support and relies on getting notified for urgent issues. Offers same functionality the the blackberry P1 notifications but for sms as well.
does what I need
I'm only interested in work email notifications and this gives that to me, with specific sounds.  The reading of the subject is, while creepy when around others, is very effective if your alone.  Great customer support, frequently updated with corrections and enhancements.  I've been using it for 3+ years on my Samsung Galaxy phones.
I absolutely LOVE this app. I am a work at home graphic designer and was losing work because my default notifications were either too low or not going off at all and I kept missing emails and would not find them until the next day or two. With this app,  it makes it IMPOSSIBLE for me to miss an email now. Definitely worth getting the full version, not because it's ad free (which is a Plus) but because I feel the developers deserve the support on such a well made app!  -ZTE Grand Maxx +
This is a great program for when you have to know what is going on. I have been using the lite version for months and decided to get the paid version. I would love to see one addition and that is a formula style alert ie. email=name@domain AND (body OR subject)=keyword.
I work in systems operations, and I have been using eNotify for the past year and a half to monitor my email and alert me when we have systems issues. eNotify is a comprehensive app that allows you to tailor your alerts to any need. The developer has been very responsive to support issues.
I am on-call for many different clients and receive many different types of emails that require different tones and different schedules. This app handles it all. Also, the developer is extremely responsive and quick with fixes where warranted. Operating system upgrades are also handled in a timely manner. I highly recommend this if you want customized notifications based on email content, sender and receiver values.
I love this app and it is critical for work now, however it has not worked for me since I was upgraded to Android 8.0. App just says out of date and closes and I have no way to contact the dev. Please fix ASAP.
It works quite well. Sometimes an update will cause it to freeze on an acceptance screen that you can't see until you open the app, which doesn't make sense. Otherwise does signify emails and texts
When i come out of do not disturb it alerts for all old messages and keeps ringing for few minutes. I dont need to know about messages while i m in dnd. Pls fix
This is the best email notification tool for any phone outside of a Blackberry.  The ability to customize what emails will alert with different tones and each on a different time frame, is exactly what is needed
Perfect for IT staff actively monitoring system failures by email alerts. Awesome app.
I love it but please let us have more control on how to customise it
Super convenient for notifying of emails of high importance.
Great for on-call alerts and web cam alerts
It works
Excellent, highly configurable and reliable
Really excellent!
This app is perfect for my needs and Glen takes the credit for providing great support!
Great app with frequent updates.
Used to be a lot better.
This app is absolutely brilliant! If you're waiting for urgent messages that you have to act upon fast, look no further, this is your solution. Just configure it to alert you to those specific messages that require your immediate attention and bammm... people will be amazed how fast you react. Being on call has never been so low stress. It's also nice to see that the app is being actively developed and improved. Blown away!
It was great but started to miss some mails, so that I upgraded to a pay version and it still failed to notify me. I did excluded it from battery optimization. Still, it only works when I open the app. I missed a lot of important mails. :(
Email control ? It doesn't get any better !! This is the app for total control of incoming email notifications. We have searched for weeks for an app to do what this app does .... never found anything even close. We had some very exacting requirements. This app met and exceeded all requirements. I would give it a 10 rating !!  Love it !! Thank you developer !!!
The free version was more reliable than the pay for version very disappointing. Would switch back but advertising would over run the phone. Really not happy it misses key emails.
I would like my money back because it won't run properly, and it won't manage notifications, of which I only wanted a few. EG, my FB notifications have been annoying me all day, which is what I did NOT want and why I bought the app.
The developer is very attentive to fixing bugs and the app is immensely configurable. The best alerting solution for being on-call I've found.
Amazing app.  And best customer service i have EVER had with any app.  High configuration.  Worth every penny, this guy deserves it
Developer got back to me quickly on a weekend with helpful info
Works great.  Dev support was highly responsive when I reported a bug too.
No problems so far. Great how it can do SMS or email.
Extremely flexible triggers - exactly what I needed.
Awesome app, and one worth purchasing.
Excellent program
Very useful app to monitor important messages in a number of useful ways. Just one suggestion - can u add text to speach features e.g. when i get a pop up with message content the app reads it aloud so i dont have to look at the screen. Once the message is read aloud the app automaticaly processes and reads aloud the next message etc.                          --------      Thank you Glen i found and tested the text to speach option and can say this app is truly indispensable and fills an important void
This app has become indispensable to me. I would consider it one of the crucial, core apps that needs to be installed right away when starting with a fresh phone. Extremely versatile, excellent feature set, active development with topnotch support. Definitely worth the purchase!
クリスマスのプレゼントでスマートウォッチをいただきウオッチフェイスを探していたところ、こちらのデザインに一目惚れして購入しました。スクエアディスプレイの時計へのダウンロードだったため当初は表示されている情報の周りに囲み線が出ていたのですが、開発者の方に連絡を取ると二十四時間以内に対応してくださり、囲み枠をとってくださいました。ますます素敵になり気に入っています。 I bought this watchface but saw that there was a circle line around the watchface (I had a square smartwatch). I contacted the developer and in under 24 hours he responded to me and said he released a new version that removes the line. It was great having someone who actively responds and updates based on suggestions!
Nice simple face, is what it says. In today's smart watch features, I for one like to just put this site face on during the week and give myself time off, and still have time! :)
This app costs. Which if compared to all the other paid apps is insane. No options. No colors. No interactive options like the new Android wear os allows AND there is a huge name on the bottom of the watchface from developer. There should be NO REASON this is a paid app at all.
Very creative and good looking watch face. However neither ambient mode (doesn't remove color or details, only turns brightness down) nor step count works on my Huawei Watch.  Will update review if these things are fixed.
Now I would really like a great paper watch face to use also,
I know it may differ on type of watch.. but even other faces look better on my 360..
Will not load. Burns up watch battery and unable to set or load.
Sucks
It doesn't hold subdial settings after saving them. It always reverts back to default settings even though settings show otherwise.  (ZTE Quartz Wear 2.0)
While it seems to work as expected on AW1.0  one on AW2.0 on the Urbane the day name is off by one (e.g., says Monday on Tuesday)  and as near as I can tell it cannot be fixed.
I really liked this app but the weather but current work. I can update it, but it never shows on the watch?
Nice watch app with color options.
If would be nice to add "pure black" background
I love it just wish there were a month dial, that would be nice.
I've found my perfect watch face thx it looks awesome.
I love the look and ability to customize. Great watch face.  I keep coming back to it even after trying others.  Great how many features you can access from the face.
Works as expected. Love the classic watch vision.
refund me please i cant find the app anywhere after the purchase
Easy to use and has worked well so far. Easily the finest app of this kind that I have found. Thanks.
Works excellent with the latest update.
Working now after Android Wear updated, wasn't the watch face
The use of customization is very good in this watch design.
Everything works and is amazing, the new 3rd dial is amazing. Comes in very handy. The Author fixes issues very quickly!
Can't change color of whole second hand only
Everything how you like it. That's exactly how I like it!
I have tried others, but always come back to Qualiss.  Two requests, I wish there was a different icon other than shoes for step counter, and larger numbers in battery icons.  This is the best watchface, worth the money!  Thanks!
It is pretty good. However the customization options are not enough.  I would like more colors options. Two examples:   1. The end of the face near the frame where the hours are presented is always white. That looks fine only with white or black color of the watch.  2. (Currently) It is not possible to change the color of the hands only.
I like the looks of this watch face, but it crashes quite often with the message that it has unexpectedly quit. It also seems to be resource intensive.
How often does the weather update? It seems I have to refresh manually to see a change.
I love being able to see so much on the face and, with one tap, access even more.  Also note that the standby face is very clear and easy to read - something many watch faces fail at. Lastly, the developer is engaged! I had an earlier comment wishing that airplane mode could be toggled and I received a quick explanation that it was an android 4.2+ limitation.
Nice watch face! Unfortunately the weather reading is incorrect! Just paid too! Please fix!
Temp on weather says it's -473.1f????
Excellent one
Nice face great customisation... would be great to be able to interact with the date to bring up calendar, and another inactive dial to the right or a interactive spot here would give more options. Thanks for allowing any app, like timer instead of stop watch in popup draw. Cheers
Can you please enable us to lengthen the duration of the activation time? Much appreciated for a small favour. Its way too short at the moment. Otherwise perfect on my sw3. Updated version works perfectly.
This is ,by far,  my favorite watch face. The customization is great . I like the fact that you can change the colors of the hour markers and the background. Hope you make more classic watch faces! I will deffinetly be on the look out for more designs by you. One request is if you can offer more hand and minute hand styles...if not it is still, IMO, the best out on the market.
This is a great looking watch face with a great ambient mode and customizations. Has decent interactive behaviour compared to other faces, which I'm actually finding useful!
Lovin this watch, there's so many options to choose from without it being confusing, keep up the good work
This is by far the best watch face I have found! Great work! Moto 360 Gen 2
The title says it all. This face is excellent
Very very good.
UPDATE:  Thanks to a very responsive custpmer service,  my problem with tjis face crasjing has neen resolved.  This is now one of my favorite watch faces.
Very nice watch face, love being able to customise it and interactive hotspots. Keep up the great work. Can't wait to see what the new updates bring. And excellent customer service.
Doesn't clutter up the watch face with too much info. The detailed weather forecast is just a tap away.
has a lot of customizable features one in particular I've been trying to find which this one offers at a high level is linking to the agenda I would like to see it not always display a zero for my agenda I would like to see maybe account of events and the dial that used for the agenda would be amazing to see actual time bars for when I have events I would actually really love to see you a whole watch face dedicated to agenda integration
The watch face it's pretty great. A thoughts for improvement - asking for different color of smaller dials and some options for hands would be great. Also seems like choosing he second time zone as IST gives wrong time.. Same with Asia/Kolkata.. It gives a half an hour wrong time.. Should fix that too.
Dears, the design of the watch is pretty good. Unfortunately I have a problem with the steps count. It isn't refreshed while I am walking. I must tip on the clock steps area and after changing to all other options like weather, digital clock etc. it comes back to the steps counter with the updated values. Is there a way to view my current steps status without the above workaround?
Decided to give this another try.. Battery life is much improved but still uses about 3% per hour which is still quite excessive
Well coded.
Fast response from dev regarding an issue I was having... Absolutely love this watch face.
Love the design. My favorite watch face. Quick response from developer too.
The fruit is a very nice addition.  Could you maybe make it so that we can color our own fruit? Maybe implement a color wheel? (Could also be used for the text and the tree) That would be even more awesome!
Very different then the rest. Works great and looks even better.
Great face. Totally different than the 200+ faces I have. Would like to request a way to increase the timeout to ambient screen. It's so nice in color I want it to stick around longer.
I get the most comments about this watch face. A little less than "is that the Apple Watch" but a close second.
This is a great looking and unique face... Had a minor issue on my Zenwatch (which has been fixed) and contacted the developer... Responded almost instantly! Great communication and support from the dev.
I'm a tight git, so the thought of paying for a watch face when there are so many good free ones disturbs me, but there was next to no hesitation for this one! Ticks all my geek boxes and is attractive too
Wicked watchface like nothing I've seen on Google store , works perfect on my Sony smartwatch 3
Works great
Good job
I wish I had the option not to show the seconds ticking away in the digital clock mode. Also the blinking colons between the numbers seem old fashioned, redundant (because of the second ticker), and kind of angry. Without these features, I think the digital version would seem more serene. It'd also be nice to have the option to put some sort of indicator around the outside edge of the analog clock, to make it easier to read.
Great watch but would love the opportunity to change the colour of the numbers on the digital clock.
Paid and downloaded and can't find some it on phone or watch
This app was unusable. The settings window consistently crashed every time I opened it.
Keeps force closing
not fit on moto 360
High res, great design. I love the dark blue/ grey background that doesn't show in the screenshots
nice
Nice concept, but design points are off.  The watch face uses two different shades of yellow/gold that look terrible together and there is no option for 24 hour time or much customization for a paid app.  Don't buy this face until it is optimized.  Also, as a side note, the English directions and prompts in the settings are hilariously erroneous.  On a Huawei 2 and TH Connected watches, I haven't observed any crashes or instabilities like others have noticed.
Nice design and good concept let down by poor stability. Every so often it will mess up and the watch will revert to the Basic watch face. The weather seems to be the main culprit, but now I can't turn it off. I've been through uninstalling and reinstalling, clearing cache, resyncing etc several times with no pattern to what will get it working again (temporarily).
Very disappointed, give all permissions and watch face crashes always. Not recommend to anybody. Don't buy it is a waste of your money
No solid black background and no full and bient mode. Missing hour markers... Such a disappointment‼️ The free version was so beautiful now junk. Even missing full ambient mode, no hour markers. Such a loss this was the most beautiful
Battery Hog. I'm an HTC 10 user. Design and functionality appears to be a good build but just can't get past the battery drain to test.  I would not recommend this watch if you are concerned with battery life.
All great except second time zone. Main face on local time (with daylight saving) and second time zone is 1 hour short. No good for travel.
Weather feature very poor - always in Albatross, CA.  Can't remove the 5 above the word SMS. Not as costomizable as advertised. Feel I wasted my money. 🙁
My problem is with the weather I have to go to the launcher app to refresh it.  I tried many time but couldent
Battery hungry watch face... do something to minimize battery usage.
Used to like this until huwai watch one updated to wear 2. Now can't select it. The free version works fine
Excellent custom options. Would like night mode on all day if possible.
Sent an email last week, have yet to hear back.  Watch face keeps flipping from degrees F to degrees C.  Has potential but due to poor customer service and glitches i give it 2.5 stars of mediocrity.
POS - I can't get paid version to work even after reading help and turning on permissions. Sent an email to developers - will update this if they get back to me. For now, I've been ripped off.
Love the concept...Doesn't work. weather is off as well...Says snow in my area and it's Sunny?
Love ❤ the look of it
Was working until last update. Now gets "Unfortunately, BW Inter has stopped" Tried uninstalling watch and App and re-installing but same result. Please fix. (S7 Edge 7.0)
This face is nice but 2 downsides. Even though I purchased it the sms and calls counter  do not display on the face, secondly the ambient face hands are just an outline hence not clearly visible. Rest is good, but would be worth the money if the other 2 work
The small round watch it seems to be useless, just to fill out the space. Just like permanent wireless icon that should have an on/off button. Instead can you please implement weather? Thanks!
After installing the latest Google wear, I can see this watch face anymore. Tried so many times of installation and uninstallation, in vain. Please Fix it! So frustrated!
Used on a Sony Smartwatch 3 and this fills the corners well. It would be great if phone battery strength could be displayed as well. Thanks.
Only reason I paid for premium version was to get msg count and calls and neither shows up.  Also change city name and it still says b/w.   Uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times,  rebooted phone and watch.  LG Urbane (non LTE) with Samsung Note 5.  I bought  symmetric version and it doesn't show either.   I have set the permissions under applications,  no change… still sucks. Wasted my money,  free version gave me the feature that work.
I have purchased three watch faces and all three has a bug need to be fixed. The SMS count does not reset after reading the message. It keep on adding the number every time I get a message. Now at this time it shows 45 SMS but there are no new messages all my message marked read. Please please fix. Other than that I love the watch faces. I have BW Inter, Pixel and Y360 Inter watch faces on my Moto 360 2nd generation.
Keeps resetting to the default on the LG G WATCH. Waste of money.
It has a problem with notifications in ambient mode which has a grey back ground
Mmlplayservice keeps asking for permissions everyone even though they are set on phone uninstalling  I am not using a custom rom. i am using Android 6.0
Good app but drains watch battery Way to quick.
Liked the free one so I purchased this one. Great job.
Ok
Watch: G Watch R.  Cannot get stopwatch to work. Please arrange applications list alphabetically. Have option to show only Wear apps.
Can you please add options for watch rings and stock battery icon
The irony is that, the free version allows a smooth second hand, this one doesn't. I bought it with hopes in getting more features, they're great once permissions are enabled within the watch. However, it needs to be customized further, the minutes hands in ambient need to be as same as the preset selected, and further features such as longer timeout on full face to ambient mode could be welcome. Just a bit more work, straight forward info and this can be a gem to be had. Keep up the good work. Honest.
-2* for not able to remove the step counter, I'm stuck with the steps (the main reason I bought the paid version)! -½* for the thicker ring design on the sub-dials, they make the face look less elegant and more cartoonlike. -½* for overall lack of options. I reverted to the free version since I could not remove the steps...
App keeps crashing and won't offer refund. Disappointed as I like the look of the watch. Also customisation options are very limited for a "paid" app.
Keeps crashing unable to personalize it.  Tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it with the same results.
I can't remove the steps counter even though I uncheck the Box
Love the look and the ability to customize. Thanks for a great interactive watchface. Keep up the great work.
I uninstalled after getting a message that this watchface did not work properly because there were no default permissions. Has this been corrected? I'd really like to try again. Thanks
At last I've found a 24 hr visual day night display! Not perfect, I'd like the current time indicator more prominent, but I'm grateful to have this! Odd how hard it was to find this, that there aren't more with this feature.
I love the fonts and look of this face!  I suggest using the small card previews so they don't cover up so much of the face though.
Nice watch face but needs 12hr Mode
Sucks
So this is a plain watch with nothing at the end of the watch hands yet the British one has a football attached to it? Why aren't there guns on one and dead people on the other? Stupid watch face that shows the ignorance of the face maker and their country.
I wanted to love this watch face, but it is almost impossible to actually tell what time it is. Whose brilliant idea was it to use white hands against a red/white/blue background If the watch hands were black or any color other than white ( red or blue) it would be 5 stars
This simple design looks great on my Moto 360
It won't install
Awso
Very good resolution.  Its a great way to show the American flag.  Besides, its free so who am I to complain lol.
Very nice watch face, could do with hands being darker or black , also digital clock at the bottom could do with being slightly bigger does not show up properly on Moto 360
I would not complain if the digital clock at the bottom was a little larger and higher because my watch cuts off the bottom
On square face..

How do I connect the Time Machine watchface app to my Moto 360? I had it on my phone already even before I got the Moto 360. So does that mean I have to uninstall it and install it again?
It won't show up in Android Wear, so I'm not able to apply it to my watch.
Not showing in android wear.So can't apply it to watch.
Love it, it's a great conversion starter, people straight away know exactly what the watch face is, they love it that it has two different time zones too. Really love it.  Works well on my Huawei watch, no issues. Good on battery life too!
It took a while to show up on my watch, but other than that, it's looks great.
Works great, haven't changed my watch face in months
Love the BTTF watch face!
Works good, how do you change the destination time? I don't see options, and I set my alarm and that didnt change it
Not hence the 3 stars
Don't work on gear s2 fix and will rate better
Works great on moto 360 thanks
The watch face looks great its clean and simple and very easy to read. You could tell there's been careful attention paid to the scaling because one of the biggest problems you have with digital numbers in different colors in such close proximity is that it can get tricky to read at a quick glance but no problems here. Also like the fact you can set the "destination time" to a different time zone. I've got mine set to my boss's time zone so I know when he'll be signing in to work remotely :D.
Just had to grab this today and it does not disappoint.  The dual timezone feature is awesome and the displays look great.  The AM/PM "LEDs" are a nice touch to how it was in the movie.  OUTATIME
This face was perfect as it was. There was just one little personal tweak that I wanted and the developer replied to my email quickly and actually added the feature. Many thanks to you for that. Beautiful watch face.
Ahhhh geeking out!
Happy BTTF Day!
Really good
Love it.
Does this even  work
Love it, these designs are so good I brought all of them. Hope this one won't eat my battery to bits...lol keep up the great work guys..will recommend to anyone! ;) maybe add 12hr function to main clock just a thought, would also look cool.. very happy so far very impressed.
What would be cool, and I have no idea if this is even possible, would be to have destination time set to say, an upcoming alarm or reminder. Or maybe give the option to set a custom time?
Like Tim, I would love the ability to control the destination clock. If nothing else, could it track an alternate time zone? Keep up the good work!
Im really glad this face dash of the delorean looks and appears just as the actual or close to it... If anyone  buys this it also has a seondary face of the flux capacitor if battery saver is activated in settings... Cant stop staring its great.... Thanks to all developers ....
How do I find the cog to set the time? I tried pressing but nothing happens. How do I get it to work?
Didn't show up on Android Wear. Couldn't use the watch face. Got a refund from Google.
Looks good on my phone. UT never makes it to my watch no matter what I tried. Broken app
Not working on my huwawei watch 2 Only pop up ads Uninstaller
Not taken in watch
Not working on watch, not worth downloading
excellent
not work
Poor quality and it will cause pop-ups on your phone. Deleted
Spam application stay away it will bomb your browser
Use more add's , get less stars
I hate it
No work good.
Amazing
Absolutely looooove this face, could you please have the option to display watch battery. Thank you Dev
Most underrated but beautiful and simple facewatch must try it !
Glad to see one of my favorite pebble watch faces making the move to wear!  Just need to that date bar at the bottom for it to be complete. Still love it though. Straightforward and simple here.
It freezes and does not tell time. Useless
Je pensais à l'installer depuis le store de la montre mais pas depuis le portable
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE add choice of DIGITAL to this one , I love this one but needs choice of digital I keep changing it over to another one for the Digital and Battery level on phone and on watch feature. I love that I can put it purple looks amazing! REALLY REALLY need the choice of DIGITAL
I like pink so it was perfect looks just like the pic.
So. Cute.. Really.. Plz.. Add the weather...
Its so nice
Nice
... It needs more options, and nerds many more options for the sub/secondary dials. Currently I'm assuming it shows temp in Celsius. I need Fahrenheit. I need to be able to show my phone battery on one and my watch battery on the other, with weather in the center. Aside, it could stand to see a small degree of graphical improvement and more options for the current settings as well, very well done handy games. I probably won't use it until those options are available, but well done all the same.
Very slik design. The date in the complications doesn't keep up but fixed it by using a 3rd party app to fill in the correct date (androidwear  clock).
Date complication doesn't update on new day. Have to switch faces then switch back to get correct date.
App crashes on Huawei watch. Date complication doesn't work, and 3rd party complications don't show.
Liked it a lot, only problem is widgets/dials are a little dark compared to the rest of the watch. Minimal ambient looks nice
Fix the date complication!
Doesn't connect to LG Gear R
Very stylish. I noticed one bug so far: the date complication doesn't update automatically, I have to change the watch face and then back in order to update the date complication.
Will not install on my lg g watch r. Installs on the phone but cannot get the watch face. Have emailed the developer but no response therefore 1 star. Absolute rubbish.
Beautiful watchface, but app keeps crashing! Cannot open it any more!
This developer is awesome. I've bought 90% of all his watch faces because they're classy and stylish. He's the only one who knows how to make something that makes your watch shine!
Good, but since Android Wear 2.0 it doesn't update the date complication.
i cant get the watch face . i what my money back
Very good, but the date doesn't change automatically. This is the only reason I rate it as 4 stars.
Digital clock shows wrong time
This version doesn't keep custom settings on my watch, Huawei classic.
Like it but date won't update on huweai watch
Does not push through to Moto 360
Good, but numerals and dials too dim.
I like the design and the fact I can use Google fit as my step counter.  On the downside the numerals and dials are quite dim with no way to make them brighter.  Also, can we get the weather conditions as well as the temp?  PS: my watch is a moto 360.
Simple and nice design with various customizations.  One major problem is that the brightness, even at its highest level (6) is not bright enough.  So, forget being able to tell the time outdoors on a sunny day (watch: Huawei)
I like Skymaster the most, but this watchface has the exact options for dials that I want. The ambient mode is also very clean and nice looking. The only thing that bothers me is the text and content looks too large for the small dial. Either the text needs to be downsized or the rings themselves enlarged. The battery dials also look imbalanced, with the icon under the second character and the text pushed to the top of the ring. The progress indicator also stands out too much. I wish that could be disabled.
I really wish this would integrate into the Android wear watchface section like other downloaded watchfaces, instead of act like it's own app. I'm a minimalist and hate seeing unnecessary icons.
I like the simplicity of this design, but I would really like the ability to change the colour of the numbers and tick marks.  You can change the second hand colour, why not the face details as well?
Updating my review - the step-counter widget is updating just fine now. I'll give it a 5-star review if you can tell me how to make the widgets readable in direct sunlight when the face goes into 'active' mode. They are too dim to read currently.  Gorgeous watch face otherwise!
The stock watch faces are rubbish and this one brings out the life of my Moto 360 and doesn't show the flat tire it's totally worth the money
Grim. Only 99p but still wasted
Incredibly sleek design, looks great and seems to be more responsive coming out of dim mode than the stock faces.
Only thing missing is interchangeable watch band.
I love this watch face design, it is perfect for a classic looking smart watch like Moto 360 2nd gen.
But Celsius only works on the widget, not the watch face
It really doesn't, it's a waste of space. Uninstalled.
I'm always trying out new faces but this is the one I always go back to, I love it
Very nice,  almost perfect.
Better than the original faces.
Looks awesome
Looks perfect. Very smart.
Simplicity made sexy
Simple and elegant.
The only real negative for me is the grey text (in particular the date) in the "dials", which can be hard to see even when the sun's not too bright. Otherwise, looks great!
Been using this face for over a week now. Battery life is pretty bad with it. I used to go through a day with 30-40 percent. Now, I'm getting the 15% warning around 14 hours wear. Also, date circle does not auto update.
What I can see of it looks great, but it shows up offset on the Moto 360
Doesn't work on my Moto 360 sport
Still consumes battery extremely fast. Consumes also phone battery faster. Why dev wont fix that draining problem? It's a shame, cool face but cannot be used. Battery wont last a single day. Other faces keeps going 2-3 days.
Still using it, but seems like the temperature aspect is off at least here. Currently everywhere but my watch say it's 12 degrees colder than it is.
Love this watch face. I'm having no trouble with it on my moto360 (5.0.1)
Love the look but recently stopped working on my Moto 360.  Any ideas? Thanks in advance!
Face used to FC but Dev updated, fairly quickly at that, now working again!
Doesn't work with Android wear 5.0.1
Does not work.
Best digital watch developer in the play store.
Please make a bundle of 5 watches and do a special price. You have so many good ones, that it would be a good idea.
😢
Love it!!!
Great
Love it, I downloaded it to my Moto 360. Battery drain is pretty bad. Please fix or make a version of this meant for the 360.this is the best looking digital face I ha e seen.
On new 360 42mm version, have frame around each digit. (October update didn't fix the problem if you wonder)
Works really well with the zenwatch!
I like the principle behind the watch face but on my G Watch it shows up with very narrow boxes around the numerals and some of the lines of the numbers themselves don't resolve very well. The animation sweeps in a circle which takes away from the angularity of the numerals. It would be cool if the ambient mode was black and white but looked like the prism.
The watch face seem great from the photos, but the face itself on my moto 360 2 does not reflect those Screenshots. The fields housing the digital numbers on the display are artifacted and show as a thin, oddly-shaped box around the numbers. Additionally, the transition from time to date is very jarring. Will download again if it's fixed on the 360 2.
I bought nap cats first, then I saw this one! I had to get it too. Best watch faces ever lol.
I love this watchface! Pity the cats are not actually "eating" the food. Also, the food animation is not working correctly if the "Rendering seconds" option is set to "tick".
I love it! And napping one too! Thank you!
Monochrome looks great, other colour abit hard to see.
Great app but battery indicator is not working properly
Keeps crashing.
Good but please reduce battery usage
After installing the app doesn't show up on the phone. One has to go thru the watch to open the app on the phone to change any settings. Also the weather data wind speed shown incorrect, like the actual wind is known to be approx 9 kts it shows 41 kts on the watch face.
It's a good concept but weather and wind speed are definitely wrong email me when you fix problems I'll 're buy it but asking I get a refund atm for it not working correctly
Great until it completely stopped working
After temperature shown hundreds of Celsius for sometimes, now it stops not  display temp anymore. Graphics is not crisp but acceptable. 3 timezones is very useful to me anyway.
Great watch face, but sadly all my watch face from this developer now show stupid weather temperatures.  It is telling me it is currently 278 celsius. Last time I checked I was on  earth, not Mercury.
weather temps totally useless. Nothing in the app shows were the temps are coming from.
Great face terrible battery life
It look's really nice but I notice that it drains the battery fast (LG watch Urbane 2nd edition)
Everything is on this watch at a glance no need for a lot of apps to go to for info.  When people see it blows their mind
What would make this cool is the option the black out the grey sections on the watch face
It won't stay connected to my g watch r.  Latest version on phone and watch. Unfortunately f08 for round wear has stopped, wtf? Stay away from this face until developer fixes... Don't waste your money.
But extremely high battery consumption.
Looks great!
I cannot use this in urbane 2nd edition. Please fix the problem
Would not like to try it on the girls size Huawei but a large moto and its ok. Could do with less flash and more design
Does this work for the LG g watch
This watch face has a lot of information in it, however one of the simplest pieces it should have is missing: current weather - it has forecasted Temps, but not current. Also, no setting to only display current time zone and one other. Very cool watch face, and however it is a swing and a miss.
Ever since the last update the watch face will not stay connected. It keeps coming up and saying it stopped. I have Uninstaller and reinstalled several times and it still does it. Also the weather will not connect now. Now nothing will connect, no weather bluetooth nothing. I have unpaired my lg g watch r and reset it and still nothing.
Love this watch,  but would really love an option of black and white,  the colors are OK but still prefer black and white option.  Have used it now for 24hours and man does it kill the battery.  I think that if we had the option of black and white it would not drain the battery so fast.
I've tried a few different things but this face no matter what lasts about 5 hours and kills my watch. I absolutely love the face itself. However even setting to the least frequent update intervals kills my watch midday. I would love to know what secret sauce makes this face work
Much better. To be fair i think it may have been somthing else draining the bat. Apologies:)
Great wear face as always
Extremely poor selection of the cities. Not every time zone is presented with at least 1 (e.g. UTC+6 is just not there at all). Out of 3 cities I need (São Paulo, Kyiv and Phnom Penh) only the first one was there. Had to get a refund, which is a pity, because I liked the design.
Set one of the locations to South Africa, and since the app started crashing one way, so thankfully I was able to refund, fix your app please.
Looked great on my LG G Watch R, however, it only worked for 30-seconds then crashed and wouldn't work again.  Needs more work.
Too much information on the screen for such a small screen. Watch worked great and if you don't mind a lot of info this is for you.
Nice minimal design.
Awesomeness
Crash
Been trying nearly all the clock apps, looking for a 1x1 that actually takes me to stock alarm when I click it. This is the only one that delivered.
1x1 analogue clock widget ! brilliant...
Really good warchface but you really need to improve the PPI. It's doesn't look good on Huawei Watch but I'll keep it for not and wait for an update. Once this is fixed I'll give 5 stars for sure.
Simple and eligent
doesn't install and load to Gear. Several tries and always stuck at 40% - Bought twice (ok, I;m new to the Gear but shouldn't Google Play KNOW when you've already purchased an app and not charge you again?)
Wicked
Paid £0.63 for this watch for my gear 2 watch.  Downloaded it from play store, only to find i need the app in gear manager, which is not there.  Refunded and seller added to my auto "do not buy from" list
Awesome looking watchface. Uninstalled after getting notifications begging for reviews.
Liked, but had to uninstall after constant notification for reviews.
Nice
It never gives me the option to send to my phone. Everything is connected, but the app never progresses past the creation stage. I've emailed for a fix twice with no response. I would love to use this app, but I can't.
I like the app.  It is easy to add any picture as the background.  One minor issue/request.  Most of my pictures are of landscapes and have the sky at the top of the image.  It would be nice to be able to move where the time is located.  For most of my pictures I would like the time to be at the top of the watch.  Thanks.
Easily the best watch face I've had. I could nitpick about a few other things it could have, but given we're given a choice of pics, time, date & weather for FREE. I'll save the nitpicking. Great job
More options would make this the best watchface ever! A step counter widget and actually make the icons widgets so I can hit the weather and go to the app or hit the calendar and go to Agenda!
It works nice, however it does not keep the flat tire look in mind. It will stretch the image to fit on the screen instead of cutting the lower edge off.
This. Is. Awesome!!! So far, so good. I deleted my other two watchface that used my images as a wallpaper since this one has everything I need: time, date, batt... weather is a plus. Pretty happy with this watchface and the customizable font is just icing on the cake. Thank you!
Huawei smart watch 2 sport wish that I had found this watch face sooner its brilliant well done to the dev team this is now my number one watch face what are you waiting for guys download it now
Would be a great watch face but often the weather doesn't update so you're left with two bars where the weather should be. Would be perfect otherwise. Fix this and I'd have it as the permanent watch face
No option to upload to phone that I can see so not very useful.
Great! It would be good to add a feature so that the clock can remain in the middle all the time like in ambient mode and not shift to the bottom.
very nice app let me customize my own pics and the always on screen watch is big enough and show the info that I need.
U should add fitness widget like steps count and compass..!
Exactly what I was looking for and with zero ads! Definitely worthy of a 5 star review.  Nice job. Leo Link, very nice work.
I have no option for skyscrapers background, only options from my gallery or camera. No other option are available
This is a great way to put your own pictures, or any other pictures you want, on your watchface.  Thanks
Love it, if you could move the position of the clock and add an outline or shadow to the digits it would be five stars
I need the option to keep the screen on longer. Say..... 20 seconds.
Wow!! I love that you can use your own pictures on your watchface
It works for my watch. I like it. Thank for the app.
Please work on adjusting the place of watch...... It hides the pic sometime.....
VERY EASY TO USE I LOVE IT
No Celsius option
I am able to keep my daughtera pic
5 stars only for being free and without ads!
Easy to use and configure. Beautiful and we'll thought out.
Excellent  good  job
Easy to use
Excellent app and very easy to use, even though it has a number of customization features. Had a minor technical issue, and the developer immediately responded and solved my problem.   Really pleased with purchase. Using on Nexus 6 (Marshmallow) on original LG G Watch.
Excellent app. Ability to use any photo including one from camera on the face a plus. Easy manipulation of photos on the face.
Great app
This is an incredible app. Easily put any photo you like including the ability to take a shot within the app and easily put it on your watch face. Hours of fun lol
Awesome !!
awesome
Have any questions about the way to be a lot and I have to the way you are not the way you can you are you are not sure you  cannot accept liability responsibility for a few days and then I can be a few weeks and then I am going to be in the next week to see you are the time to the other y u TT to get it to the next. year andare you be
Excellent app, good as it is. More features would be appreciated.
Cool!!
Test
Nice
I love this watch face. The customization is amazing, makes you feel like you actually own the app, worth the $1.99 upgrade to the pro. The only issue I have is that the step counter step up is all over the place. First it doesn't show anything, when it reads from Google Fit it doesn't read correctly, and reading from the watches sensors give me exacerbated readings. Other than that is really great! Huawei Watch 2
I love the look of the face and the apparent customization. But I can't get any of the tap actions to work. I've tapped just about everywhere and I've tapped and held down and nothing happens. Idk if tap actions are like a paid feature or something but I'd really like to know.
On moto 360 first edition this appears to break the battery gauge, so at the end of a day you're at 90 percent but the watch turns off around 85 percent. Also weather feature never works.
The UI and design of this app is great. I recommend this to anyone looking for a highly customizable watch face.
Works perfect. Had Problems first because my watch wasn't updated. Great Watchface.
downloaded free version and couldn't get the face on my Zenwatch 3 with Android Wear.  Do I really have to purchase to have any features not just the *-ed ones?
Like it but the title of calendar events keep showing up in the middle of the time row on my zenwatch 3
Not work on samsung on7
This app is not pairing with my Samsung Gear s2 which is a android watch
I can turn myself invincible when there is a shooting
On my own personal email address
Watch face looks great, phone app for settings is unresponsive to all input making it impossible to change face settings
Works very well if you have the paid version.
I thought this watch face was great and for a short time it worked with no issues. Now it won't update or sync with my phone. If I hadn't paid for the pro version I wouldn't have minded... but I did. May as well get a free watch face that works.
The app never worked right between  the phone and watch. The phone's battery level would not display (it does on other watch faces I have). The app would not put its self in Android wear, and any thing I tried to change in options did nothing on the watch even after syncing. There is no option to do 12hr format.
The android wear app won't 'see' the Omega watch face since upgrading to 2.0 - really don't want to have to load it up on the watch, concerned about battery life now
I like the look of this watchface a lot. 3* is because I can't seem to change the temperature from F to C.
Couldn't sync with watch. I have the most updated Wear app, Moto 360 2nd Gen software is up to date, this app is up to date. I have tried resyncing apps. I've tried disconnecting and reconnecting the watch. I tried reinstalling software and resetting the watch. Nothing. Such a bummer because it was a cool idea.
I was looking for the black n white faces but they are only ambient mode, doesn't say it though, bought the fully one thinking it's that but not, that's why I gave it 2 stars.
Great watch face. Really hits you with the nostalgia. This app initially didn't show the current battery level of my watch (Fossil Q Marshall), but after I contacted the developer about the problem a patch was released that fixed the problem. Thanks again!
Hello my is Joe Miceli and i am contacting you regards to the Goldeneye watch face. I have the paid version for the Galaxy S 5 for at@t. It is lolipop 5.0 and model 900A. I have the app installed on my phone but it won't seem to install on to my Asus Zenwatch 2. I have tried uninsalling the app, paid key and facotory seting the watch. I have also tried re synching apps in Android Wear and refreshing in the Omega Watch app. It does not list the face within the watch when pressing and holding down on the watch to try to change the face. I have had this watch face before on the watch when I used a Moto X, first generation. If you could please contact me at your convenience with any solutions on how to transfer your watch face from my new phone to the watch. Thank you and have a nice day! - Joe
Crashed a few times and it prevented watch face switching.
I can't get it on my watch
Great concept - if you played the old N64 game "Goldeneye" you'll appreciate this!  This watch brings back that warm fuzzy feeling and brings back fantasies about cutting through the floor with my watch laser (still wish I could do that... dang!).  Tip - if you're on Android Wear 2.0 and install this watch face on the watch itself, make sure you go back to your phone and install it there as well!  That's the only way that you'll be able to make customizations and ensure all data is synced with the watch.  Great job guys! The only problem I'm having at the moment is that the weather seems to get stuck after a while. When I pressed the refresh button in the app it synced, but not sure for how long. It was showing 59 degrees for a long time during these sunny Orange County days.
Download to phone but unable to upload to watch?
I've been using this watchface outside of work since I got hold of a Sony Smartwatch 3 (honestly, it may have been the gimmick that convinced me I wanted one!)  I've just received the update that allows proper support for square watches. Although it's certainly appreciated, now that I've seen it for myself I'd much prefer a toggle that lets me keep the original round face on the watch, as the straight battery indicators spoil the classic look!  Any chance of implementing this option in your next update?
Ive tried to install this, but I cant get the face to appear in android wear or my huawei watch.  I have reinstalled and still no bueno.  Too bad because I love the secret agent face, but would love the functions in this one.
Overall great watchface. Been using it for few days, my favorite so far as it shows all useful info on single scree. For my SW3 would only like to see settings for battery bar thiknes as it's using too much realstate. Has some bugs but reinstall, resync solved most....Also would love to see mybe different time zones instead of fitness
Needs configuration for selecting calendars.
The only thing that this watch for well was tell you the date. It was laggy, the battery indicator for both watch and phone were incorrect, and it would crash.   Droid Turbo with Moto 360 gen 1
The latest update 1.4.3.01 causes the time, day and date all on the same line and on top of each other, and it's unreadable. Adjusting the font size doesn't help.  So the rating is for the older version.  Edit: After the suggestion by the developer, I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and the problem went away. So if you encounter similar display problems after update, reinstall the app may resolve the issues.
I like the look and function but keep getting  Screen Overlay d.... Open settings On my Fossil Q founder.
Adding the additional weather feature is a nice touch. However constantly displays "unable to find location, please contact the developer". There also seems to be a problem with updating the battery icon as resyncing causes the battery icons to be removed and crashes the watchface.
This watchface reminds me of goldeneye for the N64
Work perfect on my Sony SW3
Force close!!
I liked it until the latest update. It crashes after making changes and sending it to the watch. I have a Huawei
Just refuses to work with my LG Sport. Won't work at all now, keeps defaulting to a "simple" watch face and I've uninstalled and reinstalled with no luck.
Great app, but after the last update, there is a problem with the exact battery numbers.  They do not change positions no matter which battery style you pick.  I also find it annoying that if you uninstall and then reinstall either the phone app or the watch app, the settings reset on the reinstalled app, but doesn't sync up with the other app.  And there is no way to sync them after the reinstall.  I wouldn't mind if both apps reset, but I have to cycle the app setting for every setting I changed to get the watch back to how I had it before.  It's usually faster for me to just reinstall the other app then to cycle though all the settings.
Oh man. This is a sweet watch face. Well worth the .99 cent upgrade. I had no issues installing or using it. Once upgraded the battery levels are diplaying perfectly. Overall I feel like grabbing the n64 and playing the facility lvl.
Will rate better when I get to choose colors bought it and no options any ideas?
This was the second (of many now) watch face I've scooped up made by Tha PHLASH. Loving the design on this one. Some of the subtle touches like the metronome are hell-a- slick.   He has so many incredible designs. I can't help myself and switch them up constantly. If you have issues check his website/instructions first... if that doesn't work he is an EXTREMELY responsive developer. Two thumbs up and a Word Up to Tha PHLASH for some awesome designs.
My good fortune continues with the koans.
This developer & artist is still as always at the top of his game. Buy this watch face and support Tha cause.
I'm a fan.
Excellent watch face with all the information displayed,on my Huawei watch it looks good.
Please help its not working..after install there is only one watch face and no button to apply the watch face to my moto360.
I really like this watch face. I spent almost an afternoon looking at watch faces for my Moto 360 and so far I like this one the best. Lots of interesting options. And with the latest update the temperature is now working on my watch, thanks to developer's quick fix! I would still like to see additional face colors. But the golden one is lovely. 👍
How about square face for my asus zenwatch? Otherwise 5 star.🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
I have an lg g watch and this is the only face I've seen with a lunar part and the aspect ratio is off :-( pls add some support so it will fit in my box pls
Not as advertised. Has prayer times embedded in it.
Don't  fit moto 360 2nd Gen
Load of rubbish I installed the app on my phone unable to pick name or team a complete con and a waste of money. If possible I would have given it 0 stars :(    I'm using a Sony Smartwatch 3 :)
Looks really good and developer is very quick with response and gets requests completed quickly.  Great job!
All my favourite teams!
The watchface is working now. But I still haven't been able to summon Shenron. Fix that for 5 stars.
4 stars for now. Needs a bit more info like watch and phone battery life and it should be perfect.
Watch face doesn't at all work on my Zenwatch 3. Just keeps giving me the popup that the application stopped working.
Does not show in andriod wear app or on my lg g watch, a day later and still not loaded.
It was great until it shows up on watch than disappears. Wish it stayed like it used to.
The best Pokemon go watch face ! Love it
I like it, really simple
Cool animation!
Amazing Trainer ball watch face love it!
Not working on moto 360. Watch face does not display on the watch face selection menu.
Awsome animation
Yeh
Awesome animation, but in the ambient mode only the current hour and the middle part are displayed. I think it should show the Poké Ball outline and the current minute in white.
Wow
I can't open sinkage app on my note 5. Please fix this problem. Thanks
This complication is great!  But it doesn't get five stars because you can't change the 12/24 format.
A nice, "spooky" watch face.  Just what I was looking for.
Love the different pictures when you tap the face.
It's ok except it no longer shows steps - just distance walked, and doesn't show heart rate - can only link to heart app.
This is a great watch face. It functions as advertised, but has one flaw that I've noticed. It doesn't obey the Android Wear brightness setting. I have my android wear bright setting on the watch set to auto. So in the dark the watch should not be very bright, and in bright light it should be very bright.   Perhaps it is something in the application the developer can look into and fix.This would help a lot with battery life.  Other than that, it is working great. Would have given a 5, except for this one flaw.
If you're an infogeek you'll love this watch face. You can pack so much information and launchers on it you will never feel alone! My favourite is Shazam right on the watch face - so much easier than fumbling for my phone as the music ends before I get it out of my pocket.
Tons of info, fully customizable. Very detailed Fit data and weather info. Features like hourly chime and disconnect notice mean you don't have to install additional apps to get tons of functionality. No downsides, makes my Wear the best it can be.
I can customize the icons on the watch face to quickly launch apps. But everyone my watch disconnects from my phone, I have to restart my watch in order to use the music control feature since it doesn't recognize when my watch reconnects.
Pretty nice and useful face! The controls are kinda small (at least on my watch, Polar M600), but one gets used to it.   Suggestions:  The settings in the phone app could be split in different screens, the way it is now, one has to scroll a lot in order to find a setting.  Option not to show seconds on clock + three-letter month could free up space.
Repeated advert notifications for other watch faces on my phone.
I love the 7 indicators/complications and all the features of this face but I wish you could add a custom photo background.
Needed an watchface with a lot of shortcuts for apps and this one is perfect
Great except weather needs refreshing a lot.
Love this watch face.
Good one!
I love ❤️ it
Daily advertising for other husky dev watch faces is excessive. I was going to purchase premium but that turned me off completely from all of your products
With the application avalable on this apps and a simple tap on my Asus smartwatch2 I can make Hangout vocal message, phone call, activate google map directions, stop streaming on my TV
Like it a lot but will have to uninstall since it drains the battery on my 360. Wish I had not paid for the premium!
Gives me enough buttons around the face, so I don't have to go searching the menu for apps I use every day!
I like it except that it won't sync with Google fit. Keeps telling me to close and reopen fit.
It's a great idea
There's little things here and there that I wish I had more control over, but the 1 thing that drives me crazy is the launcher font.. It's so small that it's not legible on my Asus zenwatch 2. You can't resize it, or remove it either. It makes me want to remove the launcher as a work around, which you also can't do. The digital clock in ambient mode is really small too, and if you disable the left or right quick actions and then re-enable it, it creates an icon for the launch area that isn't supposed to be seen. And the launcher icon drops below the rest of the icons, which isn't how it looks in the pictures.. I'd pay just to have all those fixed..
Looks great but cannot get it to sync with Google fit. Very frustrating.
I like the ability to put several app shortcuts on watch face,  but wished a Dev would allow for more.
Love this has everything I need in it.
Another fantastic, highly customizable, informative watch face from HuskyDev. Highly recommend this watch face
Really useful watch face easy access
I am enjoying this watch face.
Awesome
This watch face is fine EXCEPT that it goes to the lowest level of brightness all the time and no setting I can find will to fix it! In daylight, it is impossible to read the display in low brightness!  Asus Zenwatch 2
Very well designed to allow for easy access to essentials saving a few steps. One important feature, especially with the Huawei watch 2, is the ability to change the brightness where this system function didn't air to work well but the app overcomes this glitch. Really nice job!!
Like all of his info watch faces. I would just like the option I've seen on other watch faces to set the size of the icons and the time and date. I use his everyday watch face a little more because the time is bigger and easier to read. Other than that it's a great watch face with a lot of controls that works well
Digital watch face font too small for me to read. Need access to Zenfit rather than Fit for my Zenwatch. Complications I like are watch battery, phkne battery, unread gmail, asus zenfit, shortcut to another app
Love this watch face does everything  it says .Also great on battery.One of my best so far.
Would give five but colour wheel doesn't allow for grays just white black or colours
Purchased premium and now it is asking to purchase premium again?
All of the garbage faces makes this look fantastic.
Best free watch face.
It's the best watch face I have used. When I installed it, it connected directly to the high quality governmental weather service. BUT after a couple of days it stopped working, and now I have to use Open Weather Map, and the weather forecast seems to be much less accurate. Please fix this, connection to the governmental service is great!
Does a lot of stuff
Great face
999% locked down for "premium" features, featured free on other watches
But those headphones are worth it. Please add more music-related illustrations!
Love me them Virginia's art pieces!
In for the headphones, stayed for the Vespa. Nice work!!
Can't go wrong with these simple beauties
Get it. You won't regret it.
Awesome design!
Awesome awesome awesome awesomeness
Sweetness!
App doesn't work.   It sucks! !!!  Tried everything.   Uninstalling app!!!  DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP
Great collection
UPDATE: Keeps getting better. The dev actually updates the watchface, adding more features and icons, really love the latest one ;) keep em coming! Could do with adding those new Wear 2.0 features like adding shortcuts to other apps etc.  Watch face didn't appear in list for Wear 2.0, had to go to Google Play on my watch  and actually install the app via the watch for it to appear. The dev was amazing at helping! 5 stars!
App doesn't install correctly on my phone would love to use it but didn't get a chance to
This is so lame it doesn't work
Makes my watch look futuristic.
It is what I wanted for my new moto 360.
Watch face not centered on moto 360
I love how beautiful and rich looking the gold face is Love it !!!!!
Very nice look, recommend every one to try once.
Gold Watch!
Add date
Poor quality face
Unconventional yet beautiful watch face. Thank you for the free app sale.
Temperature degrees are shown in ridiculous numbers. 500's for F, 200's for C. Can you fix??
Great watch but my temp is all jacked up on the LG G watch R. Please fix.
Really enjoy this watch face. Very cool to show friends how much info available.
In ambient mode the notifications are impossible to read since the background is not opaque.   Color change or presets??
Just displays the time with a bunch of squares with no weather. Tried automatic and manually with no results. Refreshing didn't work either. Disappointed!
Like the watch face a lot. Worked well but stopped showing any info except days and time. The day after I wrote the review an update was issued that solved the problem. Very impressed.
Worked fine for a while. But since yesterday it does not display any weather information.
Needs the ability to set watch face colour to any desirable colour . then I'd rate 5 star and recommend to friends
Love the watch face 1 of the best out there.  Only complaint is I wish the barometric pressure was in mbar  I am using the lg g watch r.
i really like this one, but same like the other one from same vendor, when the watch loses connection and reconnects, the weather data is not restored
I like this a lot, but I really don't get/understand some of the settings about "face drawing mode, color filter black and white etc..." its just confusing. I want blue to be as bright as the default, overly saturated green, but for the life of me, I can't get it! You can toggle all you want, but if you're not a watch face developer, ya might not get it the way you want/expected...
Latest version drains battery very heavily and Android Wear 5.1.  Otherwise 5*
This is my favorite watch face, I use it with a black background and red text. It looks amazing on my black LG G Watch R.
Weather displayed does not match actual weather on my phone or anywhere near what the weather actually is in my area! Everything else is awesome. Great design but won't buy any more until they fix the inaccurate weather.
Nice
Love it
Nice display with relatively clear info. However the font should be change for a softer look.
Excellent design and fab
Need black mode option in all colors always on. Expecially for the LG G WATCH R to avoid screen burn-in on the P-OLED screen
Does not show any info on weather, wind, barometer at all. Location n gps all turned on my phone. only time n date are displayed ... disappointed.
Very nice app and watch face and fast replay on problems
24H time format not working in weather data and solar events. I'm sure that's easily fixed. Good work!
Provides a really nice alternative watch face to the ones provided by lg
Not happy with app
Like the watch face but has crashed a good few times, option to have it in inverted mode all the time with different brightness in dimmed mode would be good.
Love it but I'd like to use the black and white constantly, but brighter in normal than in dimmed mode. Can't seem to get that done.
Loving your work! My favourite watchface by far, It looks great in normal and dimmed mode, shows useful information and has lots of brightness and colour options to fine tune style and battery life. Helpful developer who is constantly improving and updating his work (thanks for all the updates and improvements). Highly Recommended!
The developer support is amazing.  Now the app it's just sublime :). Everything works as expected.  GOOD JOB. I just wish more developers will be like you.
How amazing is it that new watch faces can be installed in 10seconds! I love this layout, imo you can't have too much information on display and this face really goes for it! absolutely love it!
I don't see  current temperature
Green only
Except that any customization you might want to do will cost you money (at $0.99 a pop), the watch face looks really nice as is.  Using it on my G watch ...  I will have to evaluate for a few more days to comment on battery performance.
Says it links to google fit for steps ..it absolutely doesn't. Shameful and misleading... Uninstall
I waisted my money  the app does not work, It would not  connect to my smart watch.
Asked me to swipe on my watch to install another Acorn Studios watch face! This is bull**** and I won't touch your apps. I paid for it but will never use it.
The information displayed are not correct. Google fit had different data
I can't switch to miles. It is stuck in kilometers. I bought premium hoping it would let me but nope! Also there is no digital watch face. I am so disappointed. I want a refund. This looked so cool but disappointed so much
Do you need to purchase to toggle between miles and kilometers for daily distance?  Steps seems to sync with Google fit on my Moto360 Sport.
Piece of crap, can you please refund?
I paid for premium but when I go to adjust how the watch looks it asks me to pay for premium again to access the features.
Not so informative and clear
Does not sync with google fit and step count rarely updates
Doesn't work
Junk
It's great
The face looks nice on my Motorola 360, but it cut battery life in half for some reason and that means the battery doesn't last a day. Had to remove it again.
Good watch face
Installed on phone, wouldn't load onto my LG urbane watch. Have done this many times with other watch faces with no problems. Restarted watch. Still nothing. Uninstalled immediately
Who knows where it gets the steps count from. Totally innacurate
🗿
Great little watch face, I'm still trying to figure out how to mess with the setting like for the time format, my only issue is that in the background as he is walking there is a huge part of it in the right side that is black, like a big black box. If there is a way to send a picture I will.
Very cool little watch face. I love it.
Forceful. Even though you put your own alarm sound in, these idiots change it.
So you have to pay to remove adds if you want a reliable app
Good, but you should really try the pro version
Nice
It definitely did what I needed it to do but when I didn't have an alternate dismissal already selected and I had accidentally set my Wi-Fi signal strength needed too high there was no alternate shut off...I had to do an emergency uninstall just to get it to shut off. I now know this so I reinstalled it but when it's 5 a.m. it's a hard lesson to learn.
My favourite feature is the alarm that can only be turned off via a strong wifi signal. It literally forces me to get out of bed.
I have been using the app for months, then I had to do a hard reset on my phone and I've been looking for this app for 2 days and I'm so relieved.
Completely unreliable
Great minimalistic app.
This is the best alarm clock I have found. I sleep incredibly hard and most alarms time out before I even hear it or can only snooze a couple of times. I can snooze this puppy for hours and it won't stop until I dismiss it. Seriously. This is the only one I trust to wake me up.
It works well when it works. However, if you are too close (in my case 18 ft) to your router it doesn't always turn off. Also the clock does not stay on when it is set to. You have to go into the application and turn it on every time you want to see the clock. Although it seems to be the best one out there.
This alarm is awesome. It really makes you get out of bed to turn it off and will even turn your phone back on if you turned out off!
It's perfect
It will wake the dead (that's me!)
This app does what it says, very smart way of getting an alarm clock to work.  Took a bit of time to set up, but now I know how its great.  Only thing I would like is an option to turn off the icon in the notification bar but that's just a small personal preference. Great job.  Edit: not sure what's going on but recently the snooze button has not been showing up when the alarm goes off. All the settings are the same as when it did. This is a big bug for me hope it's fixed  soon
Best alarm ever. I can't believe more people don't use this. I always wake up late, but with this app it gets you out of bed. you have movein order to turn it off. It's a perfect fit for me.
When yoi have to get up to turn it off you become awake enough not to go to bed again!
Forces you to wake up and get up to shut it up. I use the ultimate warrior theme to get me going! Great app.
Excelent idea and is very helpfull :D But still have some weird bugs and sometimes the app didn't played the alarm song and, of course, not waking me up.
set two alarms and slept through both.
Didn't stop even I was 100% next to the wifi broad band
Works like a charm and it is just simply wonderful.
Fantastic Idea, well implemented.
Works like a charm.
It actually works.  all the problem solving apps just don't work on me. if i am not out of bed the moment i solve the problem i will go back to bed.  I will dismiss alarms before i get out of bed. I will just force kill the program  I use the app on my nexus 7 that I can't remove the batteries. after a week of getting up AT 8am  with no snoozing my brain is finally waking up just before the alarm so.   Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you so much for this app.  Please make a pay for donation version.
I am terrible about getting up in the morning this app does not let me snooze off until I'm late. I have to run downstairs in front of the router to turn it off!! GENIUS!!!
I overslept again... and I found notices "Alarm stopped after 2x minutes" and another one after 27 I beleive. Why does it stop. Apparently it rang, but I never heard it and it stopped on it's own. So if you are a really tight sleeper like me - there has to be option for alarm to never stop ringing until you turn it off. I checked and didn't found it. Developer: Please add the option for the never ending alarm unless it's stopped by user and it will be perfect. (Please note that I disabled "Alarm Timeout - Alarm shuts down after 10 minutes" option, and it still stopped ringing after some time)
I love this alarm clock because it works. Plain and simple. And it works every time. It has never crashed or failed to wake me up. I need something like this because I'm a heavy sleeper. Well worth a couple bucks.
~~**(DONT READ IF U USE THIS ALARM)**~~ I loved this app & it really worked but I found a sneaky way to avoid it wen I use it. Wen I'm still half asleep and the alarm goes off I just turn off my phone. Obviously the nag alarms don't work when its off. There probably isn't a way around it but can you try? Maybe disabling the lock button when in this app, but then you would have to make it unable to leave the app. Aw but I just thought of another work around...taking out the battery and you can't control that
I'm happy with this app aside from one glitch.  The music I select for the alarm changes at random to an awful shrill beeping. I really really hate it.  Please fix for 5 ★'s.
It's not working on my Galaxy Note 3. An update for sport would be nice!
Usually my phone wud hav the alarm blastin to it's maximum volume in which wud make me fully awake than a much softer volume which im experiencing now even with my phone system volume been set to its max. Pls fix it.
The only alarm that's been able to get me out of bed at the same time every day.  Works a treat! Thanks. :-)
This one never failed & I love this app. My Note 2 had been locked so formated and I lost this app but I am downloading it again..
Could be me but the volume is too soft and music lulls back to sleep
Bad srsy!!!! That stupid alarm clock just took 11 ours to download and I had school fix it to five stars plz cause that alarm clock is stupid ugh!!!!
I think this is awesome...ive looked at a lot of alarms and this is by far the best one...great concept...alot of manageability....thanks...
I'm not sure if I love it or hate it. It does work perfectly (unfortunately). It's really great!
The idea is very good but every time I set an alarm and use the snooze I wakeup late and I find that me phone battery is totally dead  LG Optimus G
Its great, Now I will be regular in my morning prayers :)
Works really well with the new update.  Quick customization with the interactive watch face is great. Love it. Please add more colors.
Love watch face but it's hard to set ambient background also I would rather set colors in the app on the phone rather the watch because you accidentally push something and there goes the color please add this future and I'll give it 5stars
i like this version. thanks for the update.
I hate that you guys have your team name (KOHERENT) on the watch face, that's so lame. And also the lines separating date and time and other things cover the texts and you can't really see it. Overall, your app sucks! What a waste of money.
The description lists tons of customization settings, but none of these are in the app. You get two different coloured faces with no customization. That's all. Refund thanks.
Would be five if settings went to settings not rate app. No, 24hour time???
Military  Digital
Looks cool and futuristic !
I dint like the look of it need to have more options like weather
Thanks for the update. It works great on my moto360. Love the interactive customization
Garbage
I like the refined look and am using it as my daily watch face. I have it 4 stars because the phone (pixle xl) battery reading stays at 100 all day. Edit - booted phone and phone battery function works as developer's quick response explained. Edit - I have to reboot phone each day for phone battery to connect. To bad this doesn't work. Nice face.
Phone batt power is incorrect frequently due to app error.
Times wrong but other than that its amazing
The digital version displays the accurate time. Fix this, I looked like an idiot when I was asked what time it was.
Nice watch face, works nice and smooth...
It could have been great, but that the time remains still while in dim mode and only gets updated if you touch the screen or push the button on the Huawei Watch, makes it useless as a watch.
Definitely a change from the normal faces...great quality.   Would like to have an option to not have ticks.
Its a great App Highly Recommended
This app is really good and easy to use!
Don't know if this is something I'm doing wrong or not.  I downloaded this and loved it, then I had to reset my watch to factory settings and lost it.  Now it won't let me download it again, because it claims I've already done it.  Is there a way to get it back?
How do I change to the 12 hour mode? In the Play Store the pics show 12.hour format, but when downloaded on my watch, it shows 24.
The background red could be dialed down a bit, and the ambient mode isn't that pretty.
24hr time only.. Not good
This crashes for me also. It looks beautiful for the split second it actually shows on my screen, but what good is it if it won't work???
This watchface crashes every time.  I have the 2nd Gen Moto 360 running Android Wear 1.3.0
Can't seem to change the look on my wearable watch it's just the one look
Please add battery level to faces!!
Works great and looks good on my Huawei smartwatch
crashes doesn't work on michael kors smart watch
Correct unfortunately, it stops, but beautiful for a milli second, got a refund pls fix, like it
Garbage
Shame you can't seem the hands and the date is wrong. No way of using correct date format or changing hand colours.
Looks beautiful on my Moto 360. I like that it changes face themes each day. The only minor complaint I have is that on some of the face themes, the contrast between the background and the hands is low which can make it hard to tell where the hands are.
Not too shabby. Stylish, simple, elegant. Good color combos, and fun that it changes daily. Would be nice to have the ability to pick which one I wanted to use, though. There are some that I like more than others, and would enjoy sticking with them more. Otherwise, not a bad face at all!
Wish there was an option to make the watch hands dark though, or to pick a darker background - it's not too easy to see in the sun sometimes.
The green one does not fit my watch, but i absolutely love this app. Seriously, get it.
But the fact that I can't change/customize the face and dials kind of sucks. I don't want pink, so I'll change my whole watch face until the next day basically. Allow users to change features
Stuck on golden face
Now if Rolex, IWC, Patek Phillipe et al could do something similar we could all have a good time 😃
Everyday a change color automatic love it
Love the match faces just wish i could change it myself...but then it would be weds daily
Wouldn't show up at first on Zenwatch, but works now. Nice design.
But make an option to change faces daily or set a fixed one.
All designs are amazing just one issue it should provide design selection manually :)
I like
Gorgeous faces that change daily.
Looks very nice. Seems like the hourglass timer is going up - is it supposed to be going down? Could also be cool to allow for customization as well as the default automatic new style every day. Overall, very well done.
Having an option to have the watch face change daily is fine, but if really like to choose the colors myself and stick with them if I prefer. Otherwise, quite nice.
What's the point of customizing your watch faces if you can't pick the color of the watch face?!
The watch looks good. I would rate it 5 stars if I had the option to choose the colors, rather than it choosing for me..  The problems that other users have with the watch appearing would want to check something that I have not seen anywhere, but found out on my own, since I have a lot of watchfaces installed:  It seems that the watchface handler in the Android Wear app can only handle 60 wathcfaces. Once it passed that for me, no new faces would appear. You may have to delete watchfaces, then re-install the one you want for it to appear. That fixed the issue for me.
Doesn't show up in Android Wear after installing it. I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and restarted my phone.
Not showing up in android wear.
Does not show watchface on moto 360 I'm using the G3
How do you change the setting or customize it!
Wouldn't show up on my Moto 360. Then the moto updated to. 5.1.1 and it worked.
Beuatefull wach
Doesn't show up as watchface
Removed app from Google Play Store because I couldn't find the download in my apps.
Awesome
Great job. I have the premium version, worth the money though! It works wonderfully, and looks great.
Great app. All works fine.
Excellent product
Battery drain so fast
Too cool and usefull
Love  the clock widget.
Huge battery drain on watch.
This is best free face I have
It's Good
Pretty nice.  Running on Android 8 Oreo OS phone, and on Tag Heuer Connected 45 watch... Seems to work ok.  But, weather shows +72 / 3.1 ?   I assume that is 72 degrees, is 3.1 the wind speed?  Also, should some apps launch, like Fit, to see details when I press screen?
Simple, very visible, sensible ambient mode, doesn't chew a lot battery, functional, very good for rectangular faces.
I like it only problem is i have to force update weather every time or i would rate 5 stars
Nice clean watch face useful information at a glance easy to see colors
Best of the lot.
Awesome
Won't continuously sync to my watch and when it does weather does not sync unless I push it.
Easiest watch face for anyone with blurred vision
Love the Display. As with the "Black Style" is it possible to have a Blue colour option. As with some of your other faces, U support Square faces that display square and not round with 4 cornering dots. Like U guys very much. Otherwise Awesome!
Date doesn't work. It's set for March 1970. And can't find how to change it. You would think it would be the same as the phone. It's 2017 and date can't even match itself to the phone. It's supposed to be a smart watch not a dumb watch.
Nice watch face just need to know if there is a pro version. Would like to change the color to fit my mood for the day
Great looking
Good looking
Nice design
l love it
Excellent color, everything sharp, no clutter. Great work. I have a Zen 2.
Very clear face and easy to read outside and a cool design and colour
Nice watch face looks well on my sony sw3
Very nice
poor design
Keep it up.
Looks great
Good job
Great face watch. I like it.
Thanks
V good
nice
Super,  simple and classical watch face
Minimal but attention to detail shows if you look for it. I try other faces from time to time but always come back to this. Very well done, thank you for making this!  -1 star for additional and IMO unneccsary permissions, which are easily-enough changed in Android 8 beta that I'm running but... why?
This is a very nice watch face. However, I found it used 2x battery of my other watch faces and there are premium features available but the details are a mystery. I am disappointed since I purchased the (very good) Ranger watch face from this developer.
Update for Android 2.0? Not sure what's been updated, the same info as prior. Need more complication options instead of just the one. Will give 5 stars when this is available.
I install this app but as I launch this face from my mobile it does not go to my wearable watch
I paid for the watch face and this app continues to crash on my phone despite reinstalling.
As a low vision user this is one of the few watch faces I can actually see.
Nice but different color hands  would be a nice option along with one more data field in the pro version
Why the permissions? No changelog, no description.
Setting colour needs pro version
Did not work
Wanted to change the color of the hands-only but could only change the entire face
Why all the permissions
非常專業
I love this face.
Thx
Nice 1
Good watchface
Beautiful
Wish it was more configurable like being able to show steps count,  heart rate,  watch battery etc. But its free so I am not complaining . Just a thought. Edit. Hi dev,  I paid for the pro version of the app to see my steps count but it does not accurately display the step count by moto body. Can you fix it? Thanks in advanced. Moto 360 user
Sadly, removing Scuba. I think I paid for it. Don't remember. Looks great. Used it to show off my smart watch to my friends and strangers but it eats battery power over three times more than Android OS or the screen. It and Facebook Messenger don't know how to take a break. May come back and try it agaim if I see an update has been made. Til then, deep sixing it.
It's clean and neat and free. Date would be nice (switchable). Also switchable seconds. That and colour changes and they could have the basic free and change for the other. I'd pay.THEY HAVE DONE IT. BUY IT Now the best two zone watch you can buy!
I loved the look of this watchface and sprung the 2.99 for the upgrade. DON'T!  Essentially all you get is a few customizable options, mainly color of the entire face.  Most. 99 faces give you more options. Overpriced and no way to get a refund. At least add the ability to change the color of the dots independently,  customize the hands, and remove the gaudy "watch face company."
Very nice look. Just a teensy bit cluttered for my tastes, but I love the bold elements. Was thinking about the paid version, but reviews indicate minimal customization options for the money. When they let me turn off some of those background ticks or colorize discrete design elements, I'll reconsider.
Looks nice on my huawei watch.  I wish that the Pro version had more options.  Changing the color changes the color for the entire watchface, not just the colored parts.  A really good Pro feature would be brightness setting for ambient mode
I wanted the dial face to change colors not the dots! Paid $2 to see colors and hate it! Please refund and I will uninstall and reinstall free version. Should have known better when color samples were not shown
Very classy and cool. Latest update increasing the date size has made it just about perfect! BUT, it keeps badgering me to give a review, even after I gave one, so 2 stars off.
Over priced at £1.99 and can't be returned. Can't remove the Watch Face Company from the face which is really annoying and ruines the look. Also lacking 2 options: brightness control, seconds hand on/off.
I really like this face as it reminds me of what 007 would wear. Am considering the Pro Version to support the developer but hesitant in case it becomes a energy sucker...
I love this watch face and paid for the pro version. Infuriatingly it keeps asking me to rate it on the Play Store despite the fact that I have the paid version. The reviews show I'm not alone in disliking this intrusion and I've emailed the dev twice and got no reply so uninstalling.
There are a number of configurable settings that would be nice - EG the information display gets obsecured by the hands like on a normal watch, but that's why we have smart watches right? It would be nice if you could have an option to use transparent arms over information or have the info switch locations. Actually for a paid watch face you really get very little in the way of any customization.
It's a watchface it does not magically make your watch waterproof! Smart watches are water resistant. Big difference!!  Bad description saying so. At least one person fried their watch thinks they could swim with it.
This is a great face and the pro version is worth the buck. Only thing I wish is that there were 2 info fields so I could have battery and date up at the same time.
Great watch face and I have the pro version. Two irritants - can't remove the Watch Face Company text and periodically get notifications asking if I'm enjoying the watch face. Sort these things and then 5 star.
Put the date near 3 o'clock, it constantly gets hidden by either pop up Now cards or the date/hour hands and the font is so small it completely disappears. Fix that and this face would be perfect
I like it, it doesn't drain the battery. One star down for nagging for review.
Great watch face but annoying it keeps asking to rate it. If it's free, I'd expect for the developers not to pester, hope it stops but looks great.
But I wish there was a way to remove the outermost ring of lines and dots. I have a g watch r and it already has them, printed on the bezel... It just looks odd... Make this an option in "pro" and you can have my money.
Best Dive style face so far. More color customization would be nice. Also PLEASE add ability to get rid of "watch face company" text at 12 o'clock, maybe make that area second field for customization (battery, weather, steps, etc.)
Perfectly simple yet bold. Better since date size increased. An option to clutter with weather or activity would be nice - and now both done and more but discreetly. Fantastic!
I like this watch face. The pedometer should correlate to the data in Google Fit though. It currently does not. I like that with the full version, you can customize the text on the watch face, thus allowing me to have my own monogrammed watch. I'd like the option to be and to select what set of data the watch cycles through for the interactive watch face.
Perfect. Always fancied a single handed watch, and now with this app and android wear, I can!
Installed, but was not available as an option...
Awesome face and great idea for the dimmed display!
Looks awesome!  Was looking for a nice BMW watch face.. & I found the Best.. Like the "Ambient light " customisation options.. Also comes with background carbon /plain option.. Definitely recommend.. & Totally Worth it! Keep up the good work.. Looking forward to more updates & designs
Just got the 2nd gen moto 360 and it doesnt fit the watch face correctly
I have this watch face on my gear s 2 and it looks great. I just downloaded it for my moto 2nd Gen and it is not centered.
Looks sweet with white background light very nice
Refunded because it doesn't fit... 2nd gen moto 360
Please add the weather to it
Not great. Doesn't centre on the watch and the size is a little too small to fill the screen. The watch face looks good but it would've been nice to have a different look for the always on option on the watch.
Looks nice, but you see the black Moto 360 bar at the bottom on my LG. The author did not make the design completely circular for non-moto360 owners. Oh well.
Downloaded to my huawei watch running wear 1.4. watch face was only using 2/3 of the screen. Might try again when I upgrade to 1.5
Nice looking but did not center on watch
Don't display on the whole watch
A very nice watchface. We asked for a darker theme and the author delivered. Now if we could get custom colors… 😉
I wish it had white on a black background, and a weather option. Other than that, it's very nice.
I like the design on this. Definitely a modern take of the analog design that's much easier to quickly read than a standard analog watch. It could use a few visual improvements such as more legible text, filling the entire watch face, and user customizable colors.
I really do enjoy this watch face. Whilst it is a current limitation with the Watchmaker platform, it'd be nice if I didn't have to keep setting it back to 12 hour mode after each watch restart or face change. I've left feedback to that effect on the Watchmaker Premium app. Looking forward to more from this dev.
I can give 5 stars if you can change the compass by the weather wind direction and move it to extend weather screen. For those with a Moto 360, like me, compass is useless because our device does not have one. You could release the result  like update and you will get 5 *****. I can also pay for a specific Moto 360 version with that change. No need to refund the current one. Hope you can make it. Thanks.
I love the watch face. I would like to disable the added touch spots for the compass since it seems to get pushed a lot. Also, in 12h mode, the 12 shows as 0 not 12. Please fix.
the best watch face I've found so far. Suits my LG Urbane perfectly. icons are easily distinguishable which makes it easier to read the watch with a quick glimpse. Compass is perfect and very useful for me. I have a few suggestions. It'd be great if you can implement them. I am ready to donate a modest amount and 5 stars :) It's very smart to have different sections for different categories such as weather, fitness and calendar. Can you integrate the following: Missed calls and unread messages in the calendar section with tiny interactive icons next to the calendar section to alert the user. Wind speed and direction etc in the weather section One of the most important features for fisherman like me is tide times and swell data, can this be integrated? Nobody has got this. You can be the first! You can have another section such as "outdoor" and this would have moon data including moon down and up, sunrise and sunset, tide times and heights, swell data (tide times and swell is very important for surfers and sailors as well). Compass can be moved here too. Then the fitness would have constant/on demand heart rate monitoring, stop watch, steps etc You can do it!!! Please!!! :)
I rarely give reviews, but this watchface is far beyond any other. I have spent hours upon hours on the play store, forums and so on, but no other watch even comes close to this masterpiece. I do have a tiny wish/request - I would love the watchface to display the current week number (perhaps implemented as a user choice in the watchface settings)
Only flaw I have problems with is the event at the bottom. The moto 360 only brings up the app drawer when u swipe either the top or bottom so if u swipe the middle almost all the time it will seem like the watch is lagging. In this watchface only the top part works because the bottom keeps opening the event tab. Other than that I love this watch face. Especially the weather tab. Beautiful animations all around.....UPDATE, ok now I have a problem...a big one. I change the time from 24 to12 and it won't stay
The watch face is very nice and functions useful.  I will give a 5 star if it wasn't for the time lag it experience during the dim mode. Showing 1 to 2 minutes behind
Purchased it but not showing in LG urbane.
Really slick, wore this on my wear for over a week, it's awesome, slick animations, doesn't drain battery too much, but I play with it all the time. Great job everyone.
Absolutely love this face. Looks brilliant on my LG Urbane. Also extremely functional and we'll laid out. Thank You!!
I like this face. I am a big fan of digital.  This is an awesome face! Thank you for the hard work and awesome design.
Just ordered a full android watch, might not wear it now that I have this watch face. :P
best watch face I have found, everything I want to see clearly legible.
One of the best watch faces out there. Thanks for the hard work in creating it.
Great work on this watch face.  I'm looking forward to see how you might improve on it.
Love this watch face, has almost everything I need!!
It s works great thanks
Best watchface so far
nice
Works as described.  Only wish there was a few minor enhancement. Such as the calendar showing events coming up and not always show the beginning of my day even at 9 in the evening.  Overall would recommend.
Love this face! looks great and had everything I was looking for in a watch face, until it broke. Temperature gauge has read 48F and the same 5 day forecast has shown for 2 weeks now. Tried restarting phone and watch, updating everything, and reinstalling, but nothing works. Not sure if this is a bug caused by the new year, but im going to have to switch faces if I cant get it to update, which is a shame. I really loved this face.
Compared to most wear faces (and I've bought a lot and tried a lot of free ones)  this thing just sips on the battery. Dev, need steps please? Oh and I've just donated, it's worth it
Umm, something is not working, the app doesn't show up on the watch...and there is no tutorial or how to guide. Restarted the phone and the watch....any suggestions??? Update: response of Dev team is outstanding, as soon as the problem is fixed will give 5 stars...
Simple yet effective.  Wish there was more customization but all in all a well rounded app
Not the kind of watch face I'd usually go for but love this one.
Doesn't appear in wear app or on my Sony smart watch 3
some more settings? .. date format.. and maybe size.. ie lower numbers are off bottom slightly in moto 360..and time out :-)
Note4 and samsung gear live.
Was great til it stopped showing phone battery.
Got to praise the dev for battery life and design!
I like simple and useful watch faces! Just like this one and watch face of ben
Thought it was pretty cool but no option for 12 hour mode
Smart to display as wallpaper lock screen.i like
Very nice concept
Great looking. Informative. Couldn't have asked for more in a free app. Update: After the recent rounds of updates almost every other watch face apps I use failed to update the dimmed time consistently except this Chrono app! Made a donation gratefully.
Really nice.  Especially like that this watch is 24 Hour aware;  big plus.    Would be great if you could allow changing the date order, i.e. from Month Day, to Day Month... but that is a nit.
Simple but very nicely done. No battery life issues either.
Outstanding job designing this watch face. Very functional and good looking. My favorite.
Simple and easy to read,looks sweet on my Sony smartwatch 3
Best watch face and great update, well done
I always keep coming back to this one
Nice! Looks very good on smartwatch3
This watch face is designed for square watches. The battery meters are in the two bottom corners, so they're not visible on my Moto 360. I'd also like to have more options to choose colors. I wanted to choose the same color for two items and I couldn't choose the exact same color for both using the color wheel. Otherwise, the design is very nice, and I appreciate that it's available for free!
Love where this is going! Only problem is that my notifications often block the time. Think you could work your genius to solve this? I can disable the card preview when in dimmed mode, but then I have to glance at my watch at weird angles. Donated--keep up the great work!
Only 4 stars as notification toast takes up half the screen on my Sony SW3.  {EDIT} Dropping to 2 stars, as time has stopped updating when screen is dimmed. Have to wake screen to update, so defeats the purpose really.
Only thing that's missing is the temperature. I'm digging on the simple and practical, yet elegant approach. Add the temp and I don't see a reason to use another face.
I want to use this as my main watch face, but the face has several shortcomings on watches such as the Moto 360, and one shortcoming on all watches.  The biggest issue is that when a card is showing up, and its between 4 and 8 o'clock the card covers up the time. Why not also have the time show up in the center? Also, on a round screen the battery indicators are off-screen completely, and the watch face as a whole just feels... a little over sized compared to the device.  There needs to be more padding around the face (this would also help fix the off-screen battery indicators). Finally, and this is just a minor thing, I really feel like the typography of the watchface could be improved to be more usable at a glance.  The idea behind this watchface is phenomenal, but the execution is lacking. I look forward to coming back to this the next time it is updated.
Can You Put the Weather On This Face, It would be a perfect watch face then and I'm sure I'm not the only want who doesn't want that feature!!!!
Best watch face out right now only thing I wish the app could do is display the date while it is dimmed. Other than that it is an amazing watch face, best on the play store.
It is my current choice and it will stay like that if there will be also a minimalistic weather info (a small icon + temperature). I'll offer 5 stars for being one of the best looking watch faces out there, in all its simplicity.
Day/month no longer shows on new wear version.
This is a truly original take on what a smart watch face should be. This is all I use and I love the ability to change colors. It would be nice to change the BG color as well but 5 stars from me. Great job! I will be donating.
On my LG watch r it does not show the date, nor do I see an option to turn that feature on.  If I could get that working this would be a great face.
On my G Watch, I like this very much, as this watch has almost everything. I'd like more customization such as weather at times.
Donated right away without any hesitation. Beautiful, appealing watch face, the combination of digital and analog into one (without retreating to dual display) is genius!
My personal favourite watch face, its great because it give me my phone battery as well as my watch. Super app. Square smart watches are the new round watches.
This is my main watch face. I love the colours, and the battery percentages in the corner are essential. Awesome!
Few recommendations - like why not put AM/PM within the clock face? Or provide added information within the clock?
No date on lg g watch r 5.0.1
It's simple yet tells everything except the temp...love that it has the watch AND phone battery % on it
My LG G watch R needs this
Every watch face by Sol is beautiful. They are crisp and full of light and color. If you are constantly searching for a nice watch face, I'd give this a go. I also have the Cappadocia watch face. That one is a little more battery intensive. Nonetheless, awesome watch faces, looks incredible on my Moto 360. Woo first review!
Cool face.
This is really a referral service for their investment advisory business.  Once you install, you will get never-ending calls and voice-mails.  They rotate phone numbers so it's not possible to block them.
Best mobile app imho.  Mint has issues with authentication with constant txt alerts when I sign in.  Or it loses my sign in and I have to reenter it.  The addition of creating your own transaction categories makes this on feature parity.
Could you please add a feature so I can compare individual investment accounts against S&P instead of all of my portfolio?  Keep up the amazing work!
The app is ok but the Android app on my tablet doesn't offer the retirement planner. My iPhone has a scaled back version of retirement planner in the app but nothing on the tablet which I find odd. Everyone once  snd z whiled I'll have an account that won't update but the issues usually resolve themselves in a couple days.
Horrible support, good app. Have had a ticket open for over five months about an account display issue. No one cares.
Does not work. Hangs up "Loading data..." and never finishes. I deleted it and reinstalled it, but still hangs up and all I can do is crash it. For me, it is useless. (Using Galaxy S7, Android 7 Nougat)
Comes up just a bit short on some specifics like being able to lookup symbol tickers.
Lost one star because you can't capture screen (it's blocked) and you can't enter manual transactions.
Can't figure out how to delete a closed account. frustrated
Great app
This app was amazing, I used it all the time. But the latest release is crazy buggy. It adds extra buttons when editing accounts if you switch apps and come back. There are blank white screens when coming back to the app. I think someone really messed up the onResume callback in the activity lifecycle. Please fix this personal capital, I'll be happy to fix my review score.
Overall a pretty good app. I'll update to 5 stars if PC allowed sorting the "Holdings" tab table by the columns like on the iOS version. And yes, they cold call you, to which you politely decline their advisory services, but overall it is the best investment aggregator app and platform on the market.
Tried this app as Mint alternative because web reviews said so; big mistake. It's a personal financial management SERVICE, not just a simple tool. Got called right after I signed up. They wanted me to schedule a consultation with an advisor. Sure, I thought, probably just to let me know how my accounts look. Wrong! It's a financial profile interview, like the one your banker would do. Not even Fidelity or Mint calls me. Good if you're looking for a financial advisor; Bad if your just looking for simple budgeting tool.
I loved it, but now I can't link my progression credit union accounts. It attempts to import but says "we are having trouble updating..." I used to be able to connect 1 out of 5 tries but now it won't work at all. I submitted a ticket but haven't heard back from the company since.
Terrible. I put in needed info for banking institutions CORRECTLY and only accepted one. No patience for this, I'll find a different app.
Was great. Now it's Horrible, bad, no good program that works sporadically only occasionally. Wildly inaccurate graphs, really ridiculous.
Linked accounts frequently stop working, requiring constant submits to support to get things working out.  Used to get much more reliable, now I don't feel it's even worth it anymore.
This app is the best at what it does, which is tracking your investments and net worth.  Would definitely recommend to anyone keeping track of their financial goals, especially because of the fact that they listen to their audience and make changes as necessary to add any support from external investment accounts. Two thumbs up!
Looking for way too modify accounts or manual investment portfolio but there is none in the mobile app
Game changer! Know EXACTLY where you stand financially...every debt, every credit, every asset.
Used to be great but stopped working.
I was going to give it 4-5 stars however I had a serious issue with an inability to take screenshots to send my wife of our financial standings. We just hit a financial milestone and wanted to share and it wouldn't let me. Very frustrating to be restricted and unable to change the setting.
I'm not sure why this is called budget software, I saw little evidence of that capability, and the fact that you can not import historical data makes this a non starter as a  replacement for software like Quicken.  More problematic was the next day call phone call and dozen emails I got hawking their services.  It's a nicely constructed look forward program with some decent analytics, but the sales machine behind it is not worth the free software. I've already deleted my account after several days.
Very good app, one of the best.  Sometimes bank/investment accts get disconnected and need updating. Before it would log in easily with PIN or fingerprint but about 3 weeks ago it needed email verif , then captcha verif  then fingerprint.  Very annoying.
Lord! They called me for a free consultation, which I said yes to and scheduled a week out. I was called and emailed 10 times to remind and confirm, ended up never taking the meeting because they pestered me.
Great app! It's so much better for tracking than the way I was doing it with YNAB. It would be perfect if the app included Upcoming Bills for Linked Accounts like the way it does on the desktop site. I'd give it an instant 5-stars if it included that!
I like the app, but got an unsolicited phone call from the company after installing the app. I dont recall giving permission to call my phone. Edit: changed to one star. Install this app and you'll get cold called. Had to tell them to put me on do not call list. YOUVE BEEN WARNED. AVOID.
They will keep on calling you to discuss your financial strategy. If you don't want someone else to look at your asset and trying to make a profit out of it, stay away from this app.
Overall one of the best apps to link and view all my investment accounts from multiple brokers. Only think I would like is a better way to customize the "Holdings" view. On my Galaxy S7, the share price of my fund is cutoff. It would be nice to have a watch list type of view where I can see more pertinent data for each ticker I own.
Started to ask for email submission and image captcha every time I log in for the past 2 weeks. The additional steps defeat the whole purpose of using pin number for quick access.
App crashes when trying to enter 4 digit verification code. Can't switch from text app to PC app.
I signed up with a friend's link, that promised I would receive $20 once u linked a qualifying investment account.  I linked my fidelity account and still have received nothing...
Requires a 4 digit code to get started. I've waited and waited for the code. Tried text and email, it never came through. I tried through the app and online, never came through.
Don't use personal capital unless you like having people call your phone and harass you to accept their "financial advice".
Just started using, Quicken wasn't getting all my accounts. This does.
They called and emailed me over and over even after requests for them to not contact me.
Great app but the log in needs to be upgraded
I think your life savors and good sent. Thank you whoever you are for being two really amazing people. Amen
Not what I needed.
Love the app, but it needs to evolve. Needs a section for crypto!!!
Fancy and cool theme for sure.
Very nice
The premium version has everything you need! Plus now you can save themes and also has shortcuts!
I have a asus smartwatch and it looks and works ok. I could rate it 4 stars if the moon phase was working and it was more clear.
Ok
Love it
Hi
Just as beautiful as the other 2 space themed watch faces by this developer. They even added an option to use a colour version as the ambient background which I thought was a nice addition. Would definitely recommend.
Cant refund
Nicely done
This is a cool little watch face. It's got all the basic features and the animations are cool. Definitely one of go to faces 👍
Well designed for free watch App . I recommend for everyone.
Very well designed face watch. Waiting for Fenerbahce's watch of course 👍👍
Looks a bit strange just analog so I went to the watchface settings but saw that hours and seconds was already enabled. Force ambient works fine but show seconds and hour does not work on my LG urbane 1st Gen.
I love the concept the animation looks a lot like my mechanical watch. It could use some work in the colors and finishing the animation/movements though. The numbers for seconds were pretty hard to read on my moto360 and the movement animation resets at a certain point and ends up jumping around causing it to look unfinished. Could be 5 stars for sure with some more work.
Sadly as others have said this watch face is not a lot of use as it does not sit centrally plus it shows square with grey border on three sides.
I have the LG Urbane 2 LTE and this thing doesn't center, the arms/hands of the clock are not centered heck they are not ever on the clock...
I like the animations and the concept a lot, but it doesn't fill up the screen of my Moto 360 2nd Gen. watch. If you can fix this, then this would get 5 stars from me.
It's square, not round. Also very hard to read. Nice idea; poor execution.
Bad colors, tough to read, wish it had any adjustments.
It's not aligned with the edges of the watch. It's like a rounded square in the middle of my round watch, with black borders all the way around.
Sadly...
Sd
Does'nt work with huawei watch
Just as everyone else is saying, nothing centres properly. Sorry, looks more like an attemp rather than a finished face.
Works, but doesn't look right on my Huawei watch. Especially ambient mode is broken.
Needs work. Doesn't fit moto 360 r2
It shows square in my round watch :D
Purchased and installed. Won't show up in android wear. Just wasted my money. I want my money back..
Same here installed doesn't show in the installer.
No option to change to 12 hour time.
Missing AM/PM setting
Pretty and clean. Gets the job done. I wish it would show the current battery charge of my watch.
I have only one suggestion: could you make the notifications translucent? Thanks!
Beautiful
***Update: I've figured how to config the ambient mode. Working fine now. Great face!
Looks great on my Moto 360
Don't know what it is for to keep running in the background
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
I love it alot .
I Love my Spurs Team
The App is good, easy to use and products are fairly priced. However there is need to work more on the delivery of goods as some of the dispatch riders do not measure up. My goods were returned by one of them to the store and my order cancelled while I was still awaiting delivery and refund is yet to be received after two months, it's really frustrating sometimes.
JUMIA KENYA have just become thieves or extortionist. How can you charge delivery cost more than a shipped item? Why did you change delivery Costs? That's y i simply look for an item on jumia, check specs,check prices, then i simply go to any best shop selling the same item and bargain downwards. Hence don't pay those hefty delivery charges. I have used jumia for 5yrs. But starting 2018 have changed tact.
Great App for easy shopping experience. Though it needs to be permanently installed in my phone. I don't know why the App will always disappear back to play store.  That I have to always go back to play store, search for it, activate and open it before using. Kindly help me to know why this is always the case with me. And I use a very good Android phone bought from Jumia.
Ben Nigeria! Well so far so good! Jumia is doing well for me, whenever I make order, I get response immediately and in short while I got it well parked.... Its an amazing experience for me.... D last order i made from jumia was brought by ZOOM, another company i guess, which left me with doubt, not untill I saw dat d package was truely from jumia..... Just think u should stop dat for security reason... Thanks Jumia for saving me from stress of getting stuffs .. I love Jumia
Jumia is very reliable and I've known this online market to be very affordable but recently the shipping fees on Junia has really gone high, even when shopping for a single item, and some items are not even up to the shipping fee. This is not encouraging at all, I really love this app but one thing is, people consider shipping fees before  shopping and I really don't know what happened. Still the best shopping app though but I like the old Jumia.
Hello am Mutaturu and just want to thank you for this innovative idea. At first I was doubting but came to have confidence when my placed order was fulfilled successful. Another thing is that I found Picking chargers to be a bit high especially when ordered for 3 items,last but not least THANK YOU JUMIA.
Sub par to say the least. You people can do much better. I have been experiencing issues while trying open the app on my phone. The issue where it keeps saying "error fetching data". A customer seems to have figured it out. I think you should listen to them. He said everytime he uses his Glo line for data, he experiences that problem. I am here to say me too. Thank you
Well Jumia is great because it's made online shopping fun using this app. I think they're the reason other guys are even investing in online marketing. My only plea is that they include products from other marketers like 'fos' sneakers and stuff cos some of  the prices are scary looking at  the financial standing of most people on  this part of the world. With that said I still believe Jumia is the biggest online market in Africa.
Jumia is doing good, but you can do much better. There are a number of simple items found in other online shops, such as AliBaba, Amazon, etc, that can't be provided by Jumia. And I really want to patronise Nigerian establishments. Please extend your reach to much more areas.
What is wrong,  when I buy goods, they never get delivered to me. I have bought close to 10 things but none has been delivered, I only see an email which says to be delivered, then later it say failed to deliver. This app is getting useless by the day, please do something about it.
The only remaining and not negligible point here for you to solve is to make sure you deliver the same command of more than one items at same time. If others are successfully doing that, we think Jumia also can do that. So, for now I give you a 3 stars.
People rarely review the products purchased previously  and filter search is whack .. it doesn't do what I want. Take for instance I want only items within a certain price range  and shipped within Nigeria ... yet it still brings all price  ranges and shipped within and outside Nigeria.  Kindly fix your filters
Well so far, my deliveries from jumia seems to be great condition. I will continue to do business with them as long as they do not give me a reason to cry. As for the app am also experiencing "the problem fetching Data" when using my Glo sim
Anytime I click on a jumia link from Facebook or Google ads, jumia app launches by itself and I get this "problem fetching data" error screen. This has been happening for God knows how long. I would've to Uninstall and reinstall to fix . It's not cool jumia
Jumia takes too long to deliver orders plus there's no direct way of just calling and talking to a customer service person instead they'd be directing you here and there till your credit runs out!!! Most of the time too, you zoom your products too much and ends up looking different from when it's delivered! You guys should learn to keep up with good customer service otherwise, you'll lose  customers!!!
I updated the app but it stopped working. I'm unable to access anything. It show this message "sorry unable to fetch data" and it always show the message anytime I try using the app. You guys should do something fast about it.
I wish I could give your service a zero or sub zero stars.. Terrible shipping services.. Flawed products.. Making excuses to not return broken items.. Everything takes so damn long and countless calls... First time to deal with you and mistake will not be repeated!.. Close your company!
The app has been performing excellently, but this year it has come short of that high performance. The app will not open like it used to last year, I have uninstalled and reinstalled severally with the hope that it will solve the problem, but no, it hasn't. Though some times it will open but most times, especially, when you needed it most it will not open. Please don't tell me it is network problem, because other similar apps do open even at the period when jumia will not! Problem fetching data appears at the beginning. I am using version 4.4.6 and from Nigeria, using both Airtel and mtn services. It's the same problem with any of the services.
It's a cool app but I felt disappointed cos I just used it for the first time today and I tried applying the JAN2018GIFT coupon but it didn't accept it so I had to just go ahead with the order like that,  was hoping on cashing on the 15% discount though.. . So sad
Jumia has always been a saviour when it comes to shopping.  So easy. Thank jumia. One thing though, please endeavour to deliver items ordered together once. It will make sense more you know. Winks
Nice app but poor customer service... I made an order for a long time now and it is yet to be delivered. And I've also sent an email but I've not gotten any reply and no one has called to rectify the matter
Amazing app. The only problem i have with jumia its the delivery charges. I dnt knw why i have to pay delivery for each items when i buy from the same seller. I Hope you guys can fix this problem other than that keep uo the good work
I was using it till a little while ago aa long as it was having the pay on delivery option. But i think it is now cancelled. Which means that I no longer be able to make orders. Otherwise.  It is so great and benificial
About what you would expect from an online shopping app. Nearly completely free of bug. However, it would be nice if the app made use of GPS and Google Maps to specify delivery location. Also, some products turn out to be fake, or of poor quality.
I order for a phone in jumia so suprise it a different one entirely. To worst the whole situation it's not working. I tried calling the customer but their stories is getting too long pls.how can I get my money back I don't need any phone
Been good so far! But wouldn't allow me use my voucher code twice even when the first input was incorrect....so  sad coz it happened yesterday so I couldn't place my order anymore.
App version 4.4.6 .. Android 7.1 ..  Random full screen ads, even over other full screen apps. This for me is totally unacceptable. I disable notification but still get those annoying ads from jumia. And NO it's not by another app.  Take care of this or I will uninstall and stop using your services. I think features like that are disrespectful to us users.
The app is nice and fast. But I want you to add the Item description tab so that a customer can describe the exact thing he/she wants. Also to avoid shipping wrong orders.
I once got a cash refund from you guys , due to a below par product. That kind of customer care is what still makes me shop with you guys, keep it up. And you are  quite quick in resolving issues.
Your upgrade was rubbish. How can can upgraded and your app isn't opening again. It would try to load and say try again, continue shopping? What rubbish? No.. I may uninstall it if that the rubbish you call a app.
best online shopping app ive used . bought several items this year and incase of refunds they refund, if goods have problems they exchange and they are always on time. thanks jumia just awesome!!
The app is great but it's uninstalling its self, so I have to download each time I want to use it. Too bad
Nice app. Prompt delivery but I do have a problem with cancellation of order and cash reversal... ordered for goods twice which I paid for by mistake and for over 3 months now I have been waiting for a refund. I keep calling and still been told to wait for 1o days. This is so not fair and it's isn't the first time it's happening... one time a wrong shoe size was given to me and I was told to return back, didn't  get the shoe and I also didn't get a refund. Pls have issues like this fixed
It is an incredibly great app! However, I have not been able to access the app for about 3days now. I uninstalled and reinstalled yet it kept telling me "we have encountered a small problem fetching data" I am getting frustrated, seeing that what i want to order needs to be done soon.
I love shopping on Jumia, its product range, price and mostly search engine is wey superior to konga. But one fault, over the psst few years, this is the first time you failed to deliver all my order at your stipulated time? Why such a disappointment to start the New year
I can't even say that this is a service or why they are still working.  Unprofessional service and completely idiot people with no experience. Will never go through them again.
It's just perfect.... But I wish there could be a flexible payment plan for students....  Some of use can't raise the money to purchase some of the items instantly....   Instalment payment plan via mobile money will be helpful..  Thank you
Been buying things from jumia for the last 5 years, I started with shoes, then clothes and handbags, moved to electronics and now I just do my house shopping online, jumia has made my life easier than you can imagine. Keep up with the good work and will always be your number one supporter.
I wanted to purchase like 6 items(like carrot oil etc) which is not up to #5000 and when I wanted to pay #5200 was added and said its for shipping fee. That's when I got discouraged and cancelled all orders and deleted the app.  If its Konga am ordering from I pay on delivery and I can still reject items delivered if its not like what I saw online. Konga charges their normal shipping fee if am ordering once and all the items are weightless.
I really like Jumia, but I'm giving this app 3 stars because of the annoying and very frequent on-screen pop ups that you cannot turn off, always appearing on my screen when im busy doing my work. Please change this, it's annoying enough to make me consider uninstalling the app and using the online site instead. Change this and it's an easy 5 stars from me.
Good app timeleft
It's installed but it's not showing up on my watch or in the Android Wear app. Rebooted both the phone and the watch. No luck. Is it not compatible with the Samsung Gear Live?
I like this watch face. The only downside is that the ambient color doesn't seem to stick and turns white. I saw a comment that the color brightness needs to be past 50% but that does t work for green. It works for red but literally only changing the color (outermost color wheel) ends up with a white dial in ambient mode. I'd also love an option for ambient ticks.
Nice watch face. It needs a separate ambient mode editor. Some color combos don't show up in ambient mode on my Moto360 Sport. It's frustrating to have to pick my screen-on color combo based on what works in ambient and not purely on what color combo I want.
Really like this one, looks cool on my lg. No faults at all, just a suggestion.....perhaps a sweeping "seconds" disk would look pretty cool or just a sweeping point on the outer disk....either way, such a sweet looking face, thank you !!
Looks great but Nixon mission crashed out on it.
All I can say is wow! Unique. Need more unique watch faces like this please.
Great idea.  Just hard to set up color
I enjoyed the look and function of the watchface but unfortunately it still crashes Android Wear on the Nixon Mission.
...if a little tricky to read 😃
Nice watch face but the color selection is a bit overcomplicated.
Color picker is not working on device
Just awesome...
Colour selection can be made more user friendly
Vey good watch face
Is this supported gear s3
Dscs
Any chance there could be a way to have the digital time in the middle?
Really nice looking, classy face. I always come back to this one eventually on my Moto 360.
Alignment is off.  Wish I could use the face.
Bring back the color ambient mode from the previous version! Now it's just the black and white mode! Also add some preset modes like in the first versions... I liked it...
Wish you could customise on the phone (easier) and wish there was a date option you could toggle or make the triangle markers bigger etc
Very stylish and minimal
It seems it is slightly off centered, but that could be just me.. Also because of the flat tire on the Moto360 cant see the times. Maybe offer a "compact" version?? But can't wait to see if more options are added! EDIT: Dev responded super fast with a fix and is absolutely beautiful! Now 5 stars!
Everything looks the way it should now on Moto 360. Developer is very responsive to user input. Thanks Marco!
Moto 360 gen 1
Can't change colors... Interface is terrible
Yesssess!
You got the touch for this!
Good layout...
I dont know why i bought this watchface i thought it would have features like most of the paid watchfaces now a days but the only feature it has its changin the watchface color nothing else. Disappointed!
Normally when you spend money for an app you don't have anymore ads, sadly this is not so with this watch face.
One of my most used faces. Im Looking for a white faces version of this too if anyone knows of one.
Doesn't work with S3
Beautiful watch face but ridiculous permissions! This watch face shows only the time. No customization options whatever. Why does it need network, access to SD card and many more intrusive permissions? Stinks like Spyware to me! D-E-L-E-T-E-D that crap!
but mostly ridiculous. when will u guys learn that we need options. we need the face to stay on for more than a second. uninstalling
Ten percent of the battery was used in less than 5 minutes. It's a shame because it's a nice looking face.
I really like this watch face. May I suggest the option to have the date in place of the logo, and a second hand that is not sweeping. I have all of these watch face applications as they are clean and cool. I just hope that in the near future there will be more of a ladies type face in analog.
Meh...leaves a lot to be desired.
I love the simple elegance of this watch face. However, the font size of the date is just too small for me. I also think that the date should be further to the right. With those aspects changed it would be 5 stars from me. 8/2/16 I've added another star as I keep coming back to this watch face. Just wish the date was slightly bigger. 7/3/16 My issues have been fixed and now deserves the 5 stars promised.
Looks awesome on my moto 360, would be nice to be able to change the formatting on the date though.
Looks great on my LG Urbane!
Muy bonito y sencillo
Works perfectly on zenwatch 2.
Nice watchface.. simple and looks good
if it sends me to the wear app regardless? useless
Clean, fast, and works great on my moto 360 2nd gen
Even looks good on my G Watch. Well done.
Best!
Where's the weather... Where's the battery status.. Etc.. Poor design.
Very Good
After purchase I had to resync everything, and restart both the phone and the watch, but this watch face showed up eventually and it's looking great. Keep up the great work Meciej! Blessings on you and your family.
1 star because you use push notifications for ads to other products. I am also reporting you to google for this. I paid for this so I can have a watch face not to have adware on my phone!
Great watch face looks cool on my urbane 2.is it possible to add hour markers or minute markers on next update?I know its suppose to look mimilistic but it would make it better.
Gets another star when add more themes and or color options
Please add more skins and animations
Extremely minimal and animated.  Just perfect for the G Watch R.
so unique. so beautiful!!!
Great looking!
Didn't know we had to pay taxes on apps till now however its a great buy.
Nice idea but difficult to read time in it. Plus, I can't find the settings anywhere.
Nice watch faces but only 31? No digital faces? Cmon! Hardly a store
Good
Beautiful
Superb
Keep to the good work on the watch faces.
Thank you
These are some seriously nice watchfaces and there are so many. I'm seriously impressed. Really happy with the addition of battery percentage to other faces! Well done :)
Looks great but no square options
Fantastic app and beautiful watch faces. Only problem is that watch faces are not centered on my moto 360, and end up looking ugly, this is particularly obvious when using the smashes face. Have since refunded my purchase, but will happily buy again if this small bug is fixed.
Beautiful hi quality watchfaces, great UI. Nice work!
No weather NO Thank you
Wonderful minimal watchfaces
Very beautiful collection of watch faces. In my opinion number one in market :)
Watch faces are simple and good looking. Management app works well. Not much to say. Use them a lot.
But besides Browney.. Not a lot of love to brown friendly bands/faces.. Most faces are some variation of black or gray.
Love the updated faces. Just bought atlanto and it looks great only minor thing could you darken the background a little on atlanto so it looks more like the ambient mode? Other than that great looking faces large free collection and paid ones are worth it
I need some kind of an option to get the date of the day shown otherwise I just love these faces!
One step closer! Translucent notification cards and it would be perfect. IMO of course
Nice faces, but when I listen to music it takes up the whole watch face. Can't see the time and listen unless I swipe DIRECTLY on the white card.
Would love to see a 'Date' option to be displayed.  Hopefully, once out of beta.  Keep up the great work.
Great app with some very nice watch-faces!
More watch faces please ☺
Some of the watch faces are pretty; but many crash my watch (LGGWR, latest Android build) - including the default on install. Plus, ambient mode is set as pure black and white, and looks poor on a decent OLED screen.
Lots of cool faces, but expect to pay for anything you like. The 'free' faces are completely locked down, requiring purchase for any level of real customization. TL:DR? Look but don't touch.
Cheap faces. Similar to the paid version. Zero update. Don't buy
Does not display steps.
Hiiii
I like the watch face, but thought there was a glitch initially, and gave a 3 star review, but since, the devoper  got back and explained what I was doing wrong. Thank you and I really glad he did, since I find this a very sharp looking and practical watch face. Worth every penny of the dollar it costs.
Looks great but keeps killing the battery and freezing on my moto 360. Will have to uninstall unfortunately
This is a unique watch face with some of the smoothest animations I've ever seen. Battery life is great. Developer is very quick and helpful with email responses.
There were some problems initially, i.e. the screen kept reseting from ambient to normal mode. There are still problems, like the temp indicator stuck at F instead of C as set.   But this is the most beautiful design, and many kudos for including the step counter.   I now wish the temp indicator is fixed.
Ambient mode on this watch face has caused permanent burn in on my watch screen :-( Huawei Watch 1. Maybe a bug in ambient mode position adjustment or white levels. User beware.
Never showed up on my Tag. Resynchronize apps too.
Paid for interactive and it doesn't work! Refund please!
Excelent design and featured. Works on Wear 2.0
👌 Nice
Good
I like it
Very Nice app
I love it
Great job
Good job
great work
Nice
Useful
Good
Nice
Nexus 5/Sony sw3, cannot register refuses to take my info ,so I can't login either very very very very very poorest app in play store sholid be a mius 10 star rating.Jacob do NOT INSTALL.This app needs to be removed latest up date in 2014!
Doesn't work
Phone is Nexus 5
It won't appear on watch or Android wear app unless you install it using watche's app center. Probably a fault with Android Wear 2.
Very cool and clean watch face! Needs some work on wording in greek. Let me know how I can help remedy that.
Watch faces with the time read in a literal fashion.
Very nice if had few more choices such as colours
Doesn't show up on the watch or the app.
Super clever idea, and looks amazing
Excellent!
I give it five stars
simple yet pragmatic with tasteful minimalistic design. awesome!
Just what you need and nothing more. Clean, simple, beautiful. Great face dev. :-)
Like the simplicity ; available languages.
I like the simple,  clean look of just the font and a colored background.  This lets me pick the color scheme that goes best with my home screen theme.  You can have round or square widget. Nice!
Its a different twist of time with this app and I love the usability with how simple it is. It's design and sleek, simple and very easy to learn how to use. It's a nice edition to my apps already on my phone and I love the format that it uses to tell you the time. Very unique.
Love it, but.... I wish it had 12 hour format. I would buy it if it had the normal time.
Textual Watch Face Lite look really good and they give your watch a completely new and refreshed look !! Loved it !!!
This is a really unique app. I loved both the watches. Recommended
Unique way of displaying current time. Makes it interesting to check what time is it.
Its a great app with lots of amazing watch faces :)
Great app, would highly recommend it
Waste of time
Different unique
Great app. Easy installation and clear instructions.There are many color customization options, the font is easy to read, and the color schemes go well together. Love it!
just try it and enJoY... U should change app name to Allstargalexy downloader!!!!!! Its suitble for anyone that use the android platform...i love it,tnx alot...
Doesn't install a watch face. Also, doesn't match any but very first screenshot.
Looks like a very colorful app which may be really beneficial for you. Just download it and check it out!! :) :)
It a nice application it was a different color ilove it
Very cool app
Yuhu that is cool
But is there a way to change it so that it doesn't say ridiculous things like "twenty nine to seven"? That's just not an intuitive way to tell time. It IS beautiful though!
This is my go to textual watch face. I always come back to Textual. Doesn't strain my battery, and look awesome.
So far does what it says it doea. I like it.
There is a lot of information in a clean easy to read watch faces.
Brilliant watch face and excellent battery consumption.
I really like the customizable designs.
My fav. face so far!
Good application work keep it up.
Simple and attractive.
That was new to me! But I completely love to have a textual watch widget on my android..
.thanks
Simple yet creqtive.
I like this face for the most part. Its unique though a little difficult to read. My biggest complaint is there is no discernible time displayed in the ambient mode of my watch. What's the point if I don't even know the time?
Love the idea and concept but very difficult to view in ambient mode.
Doesn't work on android wear 2
Pretty good but it could use a step counter
While the idea is nice the implementation needs some work. There needs to be a greater contrast between the background and the number digits. Without better contrast time is very difficult to read. Also passive screen is useless since background dots and number are all the same intensity.
On the Gear Live, the passive display still has the background dots. Eventually the dots used for the time are indistinguishable from the background dots.
This watch face is great my only complaint is that it doesn't tell the weather
Looks nice, but when the screen dims it is unreadable. Can't seem to fix it to be able to see it.
It's hard to figure out color combinations with the primary red dots. Need more digit colors. Otherwise it's a neat design!
It always shows 0% on my G watch r
How to change the color of the digits (instead of red)?
No ambient
Very unattractive
Was watchless for an entire day because of the most recent update...  Plugged in my 360 last night, it appeared charged in the morning when I took it off the charger... then when I was about to leave for work, it wouldn't turn on...  I ended up putting it back on the dock only to see it had zero charge...  after I got home from work, I attempted to charge it again, and it was literally struggling.  It went up to only 13%, then started to decline while on the charger...  uninstalled and now it's charging.
I tight, this developed is onto something... it's just too difficult to read, the LED's are a bit dim against the detail of the rest of the non lit LED's

I really like the look.... Would be better if there were some enhancements like size of the numbers, and instead of seconds in the middle it would be better if that was the date.
Thank you so much for adding the date in ambient mode. This is my favourite face, elegant and minimalistic... so many look like the cockpit of a 747. Thanks again.
Would be greatly improved if you could toggle off the grey stripe and change the color of the second hand but otherwise this face is great.
Looks so great on my moto 360. Nice and sharp and classy
Looks good.
This will never be a good watch face.  You will not use it
Did not work on LG watch.
This is for you!

After messing with it for a little and restarting my moto 360, I got this mostly working except the broken HTML tag. As another reviewer said, you have to pick the paid watch face for the paid features. I had to download twice and I had to set for Fahrenheit twice as well. For the weather to I went to weather on the watch and synced then it showed my locations weather correctly. However it still shows my location as a broken HTML tag... this is just the cutest  watch face as far as aesthetics,  please fix..
This is a terrible product with no representation of what it advertises! Refund my money!!!! I just purchased less than 3 mins ago on Nexus 6. Terrible devs! Go work for McDonald's.
If you are having issues changing between F° and C° then read this. I had been having the same issue, but then I realized, the "pro" version is a different app entirely. When you buy it, you then have two versions of the same app, and the free version WILL NOT LET YOU GET THE PRO STUFF. You have to make sure that in the android wear app, when selecting the watch face, that you don't select "scenery free" if you've bought pro. You have to press the pro scenery option in order to get the pro settings.
I too downloaded, then couldn't get it changed to Fahrenheit. I swear I will always read reviews
Good looking but features don't work. 1 location doesn't work. 2 settings do not save. As long as you exit the wear app it goes back to defaults
It's stuck on settings and can't customize anything after paying for premium. Too bad,I really liked the look of it
Please this app need some fix. In my case the name of the city does not show correctly.
Like everyone else, it doesn't show my city. Too bad, because it looks to have a  lot of potential. I  agree it should be pulled from the store until fixed!
Keeps Crashing won't even open PLEASE FIX OR REFUND MONEY been that way since I purchased it months ago.
Please fix the app or refund everyone's money! I've installed both the free and pro version, as well as the pro only. No installation combination works, and it keeps telling me to "Go Pro". Not to mention the HTML markup where the City should be. This was a complete waste...
Bought the full version and when I go back to change watch face its just asking me to go pro
I have bought but it doesn't work. Need to change to metric.
Save your money does not work.Does not give city and temp is not accurate.Cant get a refund.
Settings do not work, location broken
Stick with the FREE version, Not worth paying for features as there is just two,, change from C to F.   and Light to Dark,,,    No way to change location, why bother,,   Just not worth any money to change.  Others by this same author is same way.  not worth paying for
Worthless and hideous because of it
Crash dummy app
Doesn't work. Don't buy
I paid but the app doesn't let me access de premium features
Free and Pro both show nothing but html code where the city is supposed to be. Needs work.
No city name, no temp and keeps stating to go pro.
I cannot update the city or the temperature setting I paid for the upgrade
Don't bother....
Watch face has a string of code that says notice in it. Only this watch face says it.
Just a quality face over all
Does not work
Can't customize !
Nice design, not design potpourri!
Busted.
Very good
Very nice
On both 360 and SW3, instead of location it shows HTML error. I was also under the impression it would mimic current weather conditions. Still looks good regardless, but please leave the simple settings changeable in free option, and add more fun options to pro.
Don't buy it, doesn't work. After you pay to upgrade it still wants you to upgrade. The paid app isn't being recognized, not allowing you to make changes. Refund
The app would not allow me to use the settings in order to add city or change degree design.  Kept asking to go pro.
I purchased the pro version and still asked me to purchase it.
I live in the Bay Area and my city show html tags plus the word NOTICE. Poor developmen.
Doesn't say what city it is and the weather does not update. Total waste
I was getting markup code on the watch face.
Not good
Always asks you to go pro.
Very nice. Thank you for the free app sale.
A very clean and polished watch face for Chinese New Year!
I downloaded this app, and then there was no way for me to open it up. What a waste of time.

No second hand working
Don't touch
Cannot open
Ponda goa
Matho

Cant useeee
Super

Good apps
Lovely

I like I liked

Had to uninstall, reinstall to make it work, but after that....live it. Beautiful.
Waste of money. This app wouldn't sync with my Moto 360, or with Android Wear, no matter what I've tried...
Doesn't show up on android wear or on moto 360 itself. What am I doing wrong??
This doesn't show up on the Motorola 360 2nd generation watch.
Does not show up on lg urbane
Awesome!
Does not show up on moto 360 or on Android Wear. Looks so cool. Would love to have it. Any help would be appreciated.
Lovely looking watch face but used up my full charge by the evening so had to go to the cinema without it. This does need to be addressed.
Settings don't save. Need more customizations like date format, lose the leading zero in hour, ability to change time the face is at full brightness (way too short now).
Settings don't save .
Don't purchase this app!! My wife previously downloaded this and I bought a premium account. Now upgraded phone and is being charged to download app again!! Criminal!
Bought it a while ago and now doesn't give me the premium features. Thieves!
Your forecasts are great, but why would the weather app need access to my contacts in order to activate premium features? Just doesn't make sense.
What 's happened? Don't work after update. Please fix it...
Great app for Carp fishing. Easy to read hPa scale for many days
Near accurate forecast. Good graphics
Fantastic app. Had it for years on ios and android. Incredibly accurate, very useful as a gardener. Just wish it had Samsung gear support.
For years now this is the single app I trust for weather info. I've bought it for my iOS tablets and my Android phone. Predictable, reliable and a good user interface.   For Android I do miss a widget that just shows the day, rather than the week. I would argue that a widget showing the day, makes more sense to have than one showing the week's weather.
Always used this app but recently the alerts seem a bit off. For e.g. today there was a high wind speed alert for this evening but the symbols suggest 8mph gusting to 16mph.  Only the highest two alerts are ticked on my settings so why was it showing up? On the next refresh the alert disappeared. Wind speed had not changed though. Similar happened at the weekend. Samsung Galaxy S5
Weather Pro has been my go to weather app for the last few years and has been way better than any of the other so called rivals. However, by comparison, the new user interface and general layout is poor and if it doesn't go back to how it was I doubt I will renew my subscription. It seems I'm not the only one with this gripe. Please listen and turn it back into the excellent app it once was! Pleeeeeaaassseeee!  Fixed. Excellent again :-)
Bought premium for the ski forecast element which it is still advertising and it does not exist. They acknowledge this but still talk about it in the description and no refund forthcoming. Being sold under false pretence.
Why are you now putting annoying full screen popup advertisements in the paid version of weather pro?  (AD links to Weather & Radar UK)  Fix this please or refund everyone their money.  If you want to charge an expensive subscription, at least provide the service of adfree to the paid version of the app as originally advertised.
I'm sure I've reviewed this before, but it seems not. Have been a Premium customer for about 7 years on Apple and Android and was lured away from the incrrasingly outdated (at the time), Met Office app. Now, I'm beginning to find the same things annoying me with Weatherpro that made me move from the Met office. I have a much faster phone these days, yet increasingly finding the WP Map animations slow & clunky. Also slow to update. So you are told about the weather you have already had and no projection as to how it might pad out. You can't help but wonder if this app is being neglected now Meteogroup have the BBC taking up their time?
Great APP. The icing on the cake would be the facility to scroll between days. And to scroll between hours of the same day.
App has problem with location
Extremely useful multi-model global analysis and longer-range local forecast.
My daily app
No complaints, consistently accurate forecasting regularly updated
Much better than the met Office
Great app. Been using it for years.
Very accurate
good visual presentation. worked for me for quite some time in Germany and Switzerland but in app purchase offerings are a bit annoying - and the forecast is completely useless in Portugal. not using the app anymore.
This was and really us exceptional application. Twice now I paid annual subscription to lose it a month or 2 later with the update subscription failing to register that I've already paid. E-mailed support multiple times. No response received at any point. I won't be buying any more.
Could be such a great app. So much basic stuff should be included in the original price. To ask $10 for another upgrade just to make the app work is misguided at best, plain greedy at worst.
It used to be the best out there, not a single doubt about it. I paid for this version knowing it was money well spent. Until the premium subscription bs started. Want hourly forecast? Buy a subscription! Want more details on the map? Become a premium member! I simply can't take this anymore, and after many years, I am finally switching to another weather app.
I have used this app for years but now Norton is saying that this app is a privacy risk and shares user id or email accounts linked to device to a 3rd party of unknown source and could leave me open to spamming or phishing attacks!! Why is that? I've dropped my rating because of this and would like an answer to.
I bought the Pro version and it was not a full featured version, instead you need pay a premium subscription to have features like change themes. The Pro term for me is a fake advertising.
Paid premium and still need a subscription?!? Very disappointed.
I paid for this app but it still demands annual subscription for anything more than basic functions. Deceitful!
Purchased it years ago. Then they removed features I like, which I would have to pay for again with a yearly subscription. Fool me once...
Terrible app. It was not up to date, can't do anything with out spending more money. Radar was confusing. Don't recommend.
Haben wohl recht wenig Ahnung von UI-Design. Alles überwiegend in Blau egal ob heute oder morgen... WetterOnline ist da wesentlich besser. Das man dann zusätzlich noch ein Abo braucht, nur um die Regenvorhersage zu sehen, gibt der App den Rest.
Hello! We reset the smartphone factory and can not reactivate the account, the only possibility is to play again. I log in but nothing happens. (Samsung Note3)
What a ripoff. Last year it was £3.99 now it's £7.99!!! Crazy increase!  Not all that accurate and for the cost you expect accurate.
Very very good forecasts. A bit pessimistic. Exactly as it is needed :)
Why did I paid? No new functionality.
It woks great. Have not given five stars because  doesn't have waves info
i paid for your software but you always have problem in your widget and didn't show anything and say problem in showing
Paid for app, then wanted more payments, the free version is better than this. I want my money back now please.
Cannot set custom locations? Other features might be good but not helpful without a proper user interface. Edit: I finally figured out how to add custom locations! (+1 star)
Awesome watch face! Just an all-around great looking and working watch face!
Great - would like the ability to apply tap actions,etc.
Great work 👊👍
Not worth the $1.43
This is a great looking piece,really like the design.
This watch face has a lot of cool features with a lot of different color combinations and adjustments, and so far it has worked flawlessly even the heart rate displays as intended.
I really like this watch face and customization options.
Hi ,  I really like this watch face on my moto 360 sport , but only problem i am facing that it takes Steps data from Google fit & I dont have google fit on my  watch/phone.  I am using Moto Body app for fitness tracking , can anyone tell me how to change step data from google fit to moto body ?
Nice looking, but it really kills the battery on my Moto 360 (2nd gen).  To clarify, I do not use the heart rate monitor and ambient mode is set to "eco".
I absolutely love this watch face. Simple clean and looks great. Awesome functionality to boot. I just would request another Full Ambient Mode where it just displays the time (Ultra Eco).
Love this watch face. I would have given it 5 stars but the weather widget no longer works since upgrading to wear 2.0.  When you click on the weather icon it just says 'unable to execute shortcut'.  I have tried the usual restart etc. Same on LG G watch r and urbane 2 LTE.
One of my fav watchfaces to date :) have one small issue I'm not sure how to fix though. When I tap weather widget on the bottom it opens a never ending loading screen. Can u plz help me fix this dev?!
It would be great to have an option to store the heart rate readings in local storage of the WATCH (not the phone) and transmit it to Google Fit periodically, say once a day.
This is just what I want. BPM and calories on display. And I got to choose my own color. Hard to find.
Needs a steps widget from Google fit.
Works great
Great
I really wish I could use this for my S3 Frontier.  I've tried everything I can think of and unable to view this.  Is there a plan to make this available for the S3
Overall is ok, but, weather widget does not interacts too well with phone app...
Step count never updates
Good face
10+
It has what I was looking for in a watch face. Things it would need for me to give it a higher rating is 1. Disable the seconds tick marks. 2. More fonts. &  3. Maybe the option for bottom to be 2 options instead of one. Other than those 3 this is a great app watch face to have and will suggest it to my peeps.
Stop watch feature I great.
Great!
I used this watch face for about 2 weeks. The designer thema answered my questions quickly. I was not getting step results on my Huawei watch and it was because I had to load Google fit on my phone. Everything worked. Very happy with this watch face. At first I thought the step count was off but it is not. It just takes some time for the steps to show. This is not the watch face's fault. Its a function of android. Nice to have heart rate and step count and the time turns into a stop watch at touch. Very nice. UPDATE: I found that I can use this watch face without google fit on my phone. Just had to Click on the google fit on my watch, scroll to the right past the heart rate, and make sure the fit app on the watch is set to on. Love this watch face.
Like the simple non cluttered design.   But as with a lot if these faces they do not support the latest Motor 360 Body app and the data needs to be better at accessing and updating when you select the icon.
It's a great face, both visually and practically. The battery consumption of the app on my phone, however, is quite bad. I'm really hoping battery consumption is minimised in future updates.
Thema has done it yet again, combining a clean and uncluttered look that still oozes fashion. Impressive in its polish and function. This one has become my top watch face.
After less then a month of use this watchface causes burn-in on amoled watches... Ruined my display...
Been looking for a decent watch face with a working heartrate. Emailed for some advice on settings. Very fast response, massive 👍 up
Face doesn't show in Android wear or anywhere on phone or watch. Moto 360 and galaxy s7 edge.
Love the customization abilities!
Very nicely done watch face. Excellent developer as well.
Only reason I don't give 5 stars is I would like to see interactivity with the widgets. Tap altitude and open maps for example, same battery indicator interactivity as your other faces. With that this face is perfect for me! *update-for me, perfect now!
This looks great on my LG Watch Urbane. Easy to read and set up. The stopwatch function is a nice feature. My favorite watch face by far!
Allow to add/open any application installed in wear (i.e. wear messenger) from the widgets like the mini wear watchface does.
Hate the 3 digits that go round need option to change design
Wanted digital watch with step counter. For some reason all the ones are not good ones. This one is the best one I have found.
Runner was cool but no weather this watch face has it 5 stars
I really like this watch face in its simplicity and ease of legibility. I would rate it 5 stars except the weather does not automatically update. It does update correctly when I restart the watch but then gets stuck at that reading no matter what I set the update interval to (15 minutes). As soon as I restart the watch, the correct temperature gets loaded. Edit: it does eventually update but not at the interval specified.
Looks great on my Moto 360 gen 1. Step count displays as zero unless Google Fit is enabled on the phone. Other faces work fine with only Moto Body enabled so its a slight inconvenience. Works well for running though, thanks.
Can't get the heart beat indicator to work stays at 49
Step not working
Great face - Moto360 2nd gen
Would be 5 stars if it had different color options like silver, rose gold, gun metal etc. And would be nice if it was a bit more realistic
Beautiful design. Too bad it doesn't work on Fossil Q Founder. Uninstalled.
After uninstalling still shows up in Android Wear.
Nice looking watch face.
One of my favorite faces on my Michael Kors andriod.
I like this watch and want to use as wallpaper
Why is the number II missing?
How do I use it
Well done
Im loving it
Yes
Thank
Love it
Sony smartwatch 3
Too bad there aren't more faces in this style or this beautiful
Very smooth action. Dims to gray face. No date display (is it possible to add?).  Thank you for sharing this face!
Basically goes dark and become useless on an always on display.
Looks nice when lit up but in standby way too dark... Yes it is about half the brightness of other similar apps so not viewable unless a really dark room
I'd like to be able to see date and battery info.
Thanks for your respond,,,  it's great, but it has just the watch. If you would have add some more features, like date, like other watches, it would be great. Tnx
Doesn't install on phone or tablet
Hateful
Good

Didn't show on list of available watch faces. Waste of time.
doesn't work on Samsung Gs5
Ok
Witch
Love it
Cool
Nice classy, clear design
I LOVE this watch face on my 360 2nd Gen! thank you for adding the date!!! 5 stars again!!! and the new ambient mode black screen looks great!!
When the face wakes up I see the screen glitch. Otherwise nice face.
Wonderful job
I really like this watch face, but the most recent update added "Vibrate every hour"... after both the phone app and the watch app are updated, I can't turn that feature off, and it's driving me nuts.  I can't find an option for it on the watch, and in the app, I can turn it off.... but it doesn't turn off on the watch, and the next time I go into the app, it shows as "on" again.
This skin is not showing in my Android Wear and my LG Urbane. Please let me know how to fix
The weather setting is constantly showing me information from an island in the Pacific and I live in Alaska!
The ability to see how I am doing today on steps is awesome! the design is clean and I smooth and the ability to change the color scheme at a touch is perfect for my ADD tendencies :)
Classic clean design, thou there is battery's for watch & phone indicators, so I'll put instead of extra watch indicator, something else. (Heart beat or wind direction...)  For the rest I like it
Thank you for the quick fix.  Works great!!!
Very cute. I wish I could add the date and step count, but this is adorable.
Still showing that 360 logo on this one!
And maybe add different speed or color settings and then I'd give it five stars.
Logo still showing tho. Tried reinstalling / sync but it's still there!
Stunning face. Any chance you can add full ambient mode? Also the outer ring is too close to the edge and can only see part of it in ambient mode, it gets cut off. Thanks!
24hr mode doesn't work on my Moto 360.
No ambient mode
The only digital watch face where I can still read the time when cards pop up - without having to swipe! Great for driving...also a great battery saver.
It's almost exactly what I needed, except for a battery percentage would be nice like the Galaxy S 7 Always On screen !

Bestt
Can't get it to work on Android Wear 2.0
all that information in there fits well.  How use this watch face everyday I can choose any color and everything works wonderfully
Love the variety of faces!
Cards in dimm mode are transparent!? Really?   The text is unreadable ,how can i or how can you do something about adding solid background for dimmed mode notification..... so the text is visible and NOT overlapping?
Weather doesn't work. Also doesn't stay on background color that is set. DON'T PURCHASE, DOESN'T WORK, THEY WON'T RESPOND TO EMAILS.
I enjoy this watch face but the weather does not work at all. Ive set it for auto and manual and it doesnt change. Bummer!
Buy your Apps but cannot configure changing color and the weather is blank pls help, I'm using LG-G4. ty
Love to customize the colors with all my others.
Really clear and easy to read. Handy having future weather displayed.
It is simple and it works.
Weather Watch.
Cool
Cool
I had to delete all my reviews before they would give me my refund, yet still not had my refund for this app. Just got this from the developer "We really don't care about your $2 lol. Take a look at the attached picture and tell me if it looks correct. Both refunds were done at the same time.  We don't send the confirmation emails, Google does. Maybe it's in your spam folder, did you even bother checking your credit card statement? That's OK they can look at my account, I give 100% accurate reviews always.
I want a watch face that has a black background and white text in both active and ambient mode but this watch face insists on giving you a bright background in active mode....... This mean extra battery drain and even more important I do not like bright backgrounds.   This is the way it is the ambient mode background is black, the text is the same colour of the background with the screen on. This is not want I want..... but at least they offered to give me a refund (which I refused)
I installed this app, started using the watch face immediately.  Works perfectly, gorgeous and it really stands out.  I'm going to get as many watch faced as I can and switch back and forth as it feels like a new watch every time.  Switching back and forth is seemless.
Also crashes a lot, color controls are very confusing and I can't get them set properly between regular and ambient modes, finally gave up trying to figure it out, can't even set the default colors back, goodbye
... my Nexus 6 keeps telling about 3 times a day that the watch face has crashed (on my LG Urbane). There is no way to choose weather source / provider and temps are not very accurate.  I have sent several crash reports to dev hoping that this will be fixed soon.
Here we have one of the great designs, and it hardly ever shows... And having a LG R I haven't been able to alter the timeout without an app-based setting (i.e. Wmaker Pro).
Very disappointed with app. Changes settings constantly by itself. Does not stay on long enough.
App crashes on the Huawei watch constantly. Weather or background color will not link correctly
Reinstalled today and now  working just want to say excellent   customer support and service
Not working properly on my Samsung Gear Live... I have a LG V10. The watch face installs on my galaxy gear live, however, i can't change any of the colors and none of the temperatures show on the watch face.. They are all blank.
Have a Samsung Gear Live. Does not show anything in weather displays or phone battery.
Good but it constantly asks me to uninstall it because it's slowing down my phone any chance this can be fixed?
So far so good. Like options of colors and faces.
Constant pop ups from Samsung on my galaxy note 5 that this watchface is causing unexpected battery drain. Removed until app is updated.
Constantly crashes on moto x with moto 360 gen 1.
Great customer service.
Loved it! It's a beautiful example of the neo-impressionism/minimalism hybrid. Outstandingly handcrafted by the gentle touch of a professional digital watch maker. Uses a perfect blend of wizardly gradiented colours improved by the magic of a cunningly chosen font. I can't wait for the next watch face masterpiece. Keep at it!
Doesn't work on square watch, displays as a circle and no option to make it a square in the app.
Love it!  Keep em' coming!
Perfact Material Watchface
awesome watchface
Would be better if it had some moving gears.
Has the detail and gloss most other faces don't have!
Fantastic. Only thing that would make it better is being able to change the date format. Great options.
Awesome face design, keep up the good work!
Have not loaded onto Sony Smartwatch 3. I don't know what you've done on this update, but I'm getting at least 3 days now on my Huawei Watch 2 Sport LTE instead of 2 days. So top marks just for that. I do use other faces but always come back to this one.  Keep up the good work.
great watch face! i do have a suggestion hopefully you will consider. could you please add brightness controls for ambienrlt mode? i found that displaying just watch hands in ambient mode is still quite bright especially at night. thanks!
Great watch face for the Huawei watch 2. I would like to be able to remove the minute marks if possible in interactive mode. Or at least make them more faint.
The app is great. Why don't you add the email to the features as well as Google Fit? Weather could be added to make it better.  Can I change hours and minutes hand?
Five stars because it does what it claims. It doesn't do everything under the sun, but it does the basic things that someone needs. And it's not a battery killer. Good job!
The best watch face so far. Really like the customization part
Easy to set up watchface. Setup time less than 5 minutes.
Amazing watch face. One of my favourite. Everything working smooth,the design is awesome. Keep it good work.
I get a lot of use out of it"it's nice ..!
App works fine... Watch face won't install.
Easily my favorite watch face thus far. Allows swapping complications around without entering configuration and has five positions to use without seeming overcrowded. Very low battery impact as well.
Fantastic looking watch face, with plenty of customisation options. Lovely clean appearance and the ability to pull stats from Google Fit straight to the watch face is exactly what I was looking for. Developer also appears to be very active judging from the level of correspondence within the reviews. Excellent work, great to see for Android Wear!
Really like this watch face. The only thing I can't manage to do is to adjust (down) the ambient mode brightness.  Can this be added?
Love how customizable it is works great Update * after using the face for a few weeks it hands down is the best face I have ever used.i would like a few more symbols to pick for the top area of the watch would be great.using ZTE quartz
My favourite watch face. Good ambient options so low on battery and easy to change complications. It's clean and easy to read and compliments the Huawei W2 very well. Thanks
Great watch face. I wished though it had an option to get more things in colour when in ambient mode. e.g the hour indicators and/or the hands.
Loved this app, was my go too watch face for months but noticed my bluetooth connection on my huawei watch 2 was constantly dropping out and my google voice activation stopped working. Thought this was a watch or wear 2.0 issue and factory reset the watch and removed all wear apps from my phone and started again. Seemed to be ok for the first few hours then bluetooth disconnected again and again. Tried deleting different apps from my watch. Then as a last ditch attempt thought id uninstall this app. Worked a treat after that, even tried reinstalling ksana again and low a behold started disconnecting bluetooth randomly. So I deleted Ksana again and been fine for days no bluetooth issues for days now. Like I say loved this app but the bluetooth dropping really got on my nerves.
The best free watch face! The one every AW user must have. If the dials are also customisable it would be awesome. And the clock scales and the hands too could be customisable
Looks nice but unable to adjust the top content area.   Selecting for the smaller one does nothing and the larger one isn't available.
With new snow features this Christmas in the watch face, the detailing is superb. If u notice the snow falls in the direction u tilt ur watch... Amazing work developers
I've looked though loads of watch faces but this just always sets the bar. Easily the best one I've used. Clean, informative and easy to configure.
This is by far the best watch face app I've used.  Makes it really easy to configure, which from what I can tell is rare. I definitely recommend!
One of the nicest faces I've used. Great customisations and the chosen 'complications' can be tapped to zoom in.
I have been trying different watch faces and this is the one that I keep coming back to. It's easy to read, setup and easy on the battery. Hands down my favorite watch face. Highly recommended.
Very pleased with this app. Worth purchasing. Very easy to use. Clear, customisable display. Well done developers and Happy Christmas 2017!
Great! No more downloading endless watchfaces, this is what I have looking for. Superb!
I've been stuck with this face on my watch as nothing can beat it!
Great watchface 😁  Missing an option to remove the leading 0 on the ambient mode digital clock is all 😉 Edit: Awesome and thank you 😀
Whew it installed finally last night. Seemed like a Android Wear app bug. Excellent!
Great watch face that allows me to customize a lot of features. I can add additional services through provider interface. I love this app. Excellent product.
It would be perfect if I could get the temperature on it. Other than that it's everything I want.
Very good watch face. As a sugestion it would be nice to have a lockscreen button.
This is the best watch face app I've seen so far.
Great face no weather content though
Great app. Lots of custom settings.
Great one
Nice
Very cool watch face. I particularly like the complication that displays both watch AND phone battery. The only way it could be better, would be if it could be set so that tapping a complication once took you immediately to a shortcutted app instead of first taking you to an ugly mini menu.
The watch face is perfect. It looks beautiful no doubt. The only thing that i don't like are the watch backgrounds. Please add some good backgrounds to the watch face it would look amazing!
Everything is good but I feel the romans colour only in White. If you provide the option to change the outer line colour to different then this app is awesome.. Try to give it on next update.. Thanks... Highly recommend...
Very crisply displayed on my G Watch R! Also has great complication support feeling which not a lot of faces have still. Thanks!
Really well designed, well thought out. My daughters love this watch face. Thanks for putting such care in to your watch faces. Real quality.
Thank you for the fix! 5 stars if google calendar colors could be preserved for respective calendars.
If the digital watch face didn't crash I'd happily bump up the stars (maybe 5 stars).  I'm not an analogue face user, found another similar all to this that works fine with the digital face.  Would like the option for a pitch black background.
Digital mode makes the watch face crash. Also it would be nice to have support for showing calendar appointments as their calendar colour.
I've been messing with this app for a little while and I don't know why, but the event I had in my calendar before intalling did not get added to the screen. This event was added through an online link, so I dont know if that is why it wasn't shown on the watch screen or if it was because it was in my calendar before I installed this watch face. I will have to figure that out in a couple of days. I did add some test events however and those did show up on my watch face.
Really good, would love more settings though. Like be able to create a circle to the left and right , to display weather and maybe battery.. Also, be able to show the date in ambient mode would be great. Maybe even show the text in the calendar events also in ambient mode. And a stopwatch feature. Than it would be perfect .
Okay, but not spectacular.
Hello, best ever calendar watch. Even from the one's from the watchmaker database. I would use it on daily basis if it would have a dimmed screen. Just some grey pointers and also the calendar segments in light grey without text to save battery.  Implement this and you get the 5 th star. Regards,
l'm glad this shows layered appointments but itdoesn't give the option to choose colours used on my google calendar.
Not installing on Android m preview.
With neat animation, no more options needed really
Please adjust dial to look well on square watch. Calendars being round are just fine, however having a round dial on a square (rectangular) watch doesn't look good. Brilliant for the round watch though.
It doesn't even show up as an available watch face.
Even after saying I don't want to rate your app, it keeps asking over and over.  1 star for forcing a rating.
Unfortunately toggle has stopped. Every time.
Love it
What makes green 'brighter' than pink? What about this simplistic face is 'feminine'; that pink is one of the colors?
I like it, and will probably use it the most out of all my watch faces.  The color scheme (shades of brown) isn't something I'd have chosen, but I don't hate it like some of the comments here.  Still, with different color options, this face will be perfect for me.
Brown is horrible. Wanted the black view
I love the ambient mode. Interactive mode is ugly. Maybe bcs it's in brown.
Looks great on my huawei w1. Really clear to see the time and toggling for date is helpful. I like that when you toggle you can see battery for both watch and phone. Great!
Looks ugly on watches with square display
Can't seem to get it on my Marshal Q, I can't find it even after the re-sync
Nice design. I like it. I hope more color options will be added.
Nice one
The way of presenting time is smart! I like it so much!
This is a good one.
Really nice design
有个性。
I like it.
Interactive mode is hideous on a square face. Shouldn't be advertised for anything other than round until some touching up is done for the border.
Look really nice. I like it a lot. Is my every watch face now.
I willing to pay if you add more feature
Not too bad.
I love this
You've got to give me the option of full ambient mode with color. A beautiful face gets ruined by black and white stand by mode.
I installed the free version and it looks very nice with the blue look but when i upgraded to the animated version it's a lot darker with green text, which doesn't look that nice. Please can you have the original blue text with the animated clouds and i'll give it 5 stars... overall very nice!!
Any chance you could make a mobile phone version? Would love this on S5.
Great watch looks cool with animation
This is so cool. This was from terminator 5 gensys.
Nice clouds and animation
Like
Loved it. Never seen other such app. Bit can you please make it compatible with other normal smartwatches. Mine is normal smartwatch of Rs 2000.
Very bad app
Please make it compatible for huawei phone please
Better to mobile watch
Like it
Manifestation
If you're looking for a Watch Face that gives you more functionality than what comes with Wear devices, check this one out.
I love this watch face. Perfect for those who appreciate a classic style.  Give me an option to display the temperature and I will buy the pro version!
Its Working on my X01S Smart Watch
Love this watch face good battery life
Good analog style and full function
Cool graphic easy to use
Hummmmmm
Useful demo.
It's cool
Good app
The Best
Thanks for the quick response and the followup via email.  This is my permanent watch face, but having issues w/ turning off the alarm. No matter if the hand is facing AL ON or AL OFF, the alarm seems to be activated. The instructions need to be better on how to set the alarm and use functions. The couple times I have looked things up, I didn't feel the instructions matched the interface I had on the phone.
This is one spectacular watch face, and probably one I would use most of the time on my ticwatch. Awesome high end look with tons of information available in the complicated yet informative interface, it takes awhile to learn how to switch from different mode, but once you learn them all, no other watch face could beat this one. I don't usually write reviews but this is too good to not give compliments. Great work, if there is a paid version with even more customization I wouldn't hesitate to click on the buy button :)
This is one of the best watch face available on any smart watch, I've had this as my main watch face since Nov 2016 on my android 5.1 Ticwatch 2 smart watch. After the last Wear 2.0 compatibility update it stopped working,  it's installed on my phone, but not available in the Global Ticwatch companion app. It would be appreciated if you could make it compatible again for those of us not using Wear 2.0. Thanks for your efforts.
Too soon to talk about reliability, as I have only used it for a day, but functionality is out of this world - in my experience, unprecedented. If this thing proves to be reliable in the long run, I'm in love... Edit: still genius, months later... a mainstay... file under "can't live without it"...
At last a watch face that I'll keep.  This face is amazing, I love the functions and is now my permanent watch face.  Will upgrade to pro!
In short the free version is awesome, and once I am able to I am definitely going to buy the pro version. I love the interface and it looks good on the Moto 360 no matter what the occasion is. This watch face has become my permanent face for sure.

really nice one looks like a pro watch. I don't know how to install  on a wallpaper pls send me the details.
Brillian looking watch face. Very easy to read in all lighting conditions.
It's so nice that it tempts me to buy a smart watch 😒. I would prefer a fully functional widget over the live wallpaper.
This is an excellent watch for my Samsung tablet. Everything seems to work and I like the wallpaper.
Works great. But took me a few minutes to get it all set up correctly.
App looks great but it doesn't show the difference between the pro version and regular one...
Nice application ,getting better when it's free  :-)
Cool design but so complicated to adjust
Doesn't work with Samsung Gear S3. I loved it on my moto 360
Best by far!! Not even a close second .... where can I get more of these faces?? Dev??
Very cool on my Android phone. I may now buy a watch.
Vary vary nice watch
Functional satisfying Chrono......
Best watch use it instead of my pilot watch
Easy to use and good looking. Thanks
Best watch face ever
Useful ..too good nice
thanks
Perfect condition
I love it
Perfect
Nice
Good
Didn't work as soon as I downloaded it. Too many features are only available withe paid version, so it make this pointless.
Free version works great with my Huawei, bought the paid version and I am never using another watch face. It is absolutely perfect, no bugs or glitches, great functionality​ and looks AMAZING. Really changes the feel of your watch right around. A++
Having an issue when I go to the menu and I hit the heartbeat symbol the watch goes black and never comes back until restarted
Good variety of watch faces.
Great!
This is the first watch face that genuinely made me glad to have an android watch! Everything works flawlessly as you'd expect and good looking while doing it! Amazing how $.99 can make a $200 product even better!
Great looking face. Nice work Richface.
Crashed my Moto 360.
Cool design, I love this kind of watch faces. Very functional.
Very good
Good
Saw a review on AndroidPolice and this was my favorite, so I bought it. Good work! UPDATE: It won't let me change the ambient mode! Clicking other options does nothing. Having a simple digital face for ambient would be my choice
I love this watch face! It looks wonderful on my Michael Kors Smartwatch! I love how you change change the settings to change the face whenever want such as weekly or hourly, or when you talk the watch face!
Love the color of the floral themes. No add-ons available so I can't look at the date or battery life.
I love this app Changes to my watch face. These  are absolutely amazing.  I'm different and so is my watch face. I'm loving it. Thanks
It don't even show up on my phone to put on watch
This looks so pretty! Love how the colors& flowers change so I don't get bored with one display. Thank you
I like Monday. Just on the watch tho.
I love that I can change face to match my mood and/or outfit each day.
Love it, each day is so pretty. Gives my watch a little something extra.
This is a really cute, interactive face love it for Misfit Vapor
I cam not get it to open.
Really beautiful, love that you can tap to change colors.
Love love Love! Looks amazing on my Michael Kors Sofie!
Love it! The watch faces are very pretty. 😍
So cute ;)
It looks nice
Love it !
Beautiful!
Very fun
I love it
Love it
Nice
Love the option to have changing faces every hour!
Its soooo girlie i live it
Like the look
I love it
Couldn't get it to sync with my LG Watch Style. Really disappointed because I love this watch face...
Fiore by Iris is my favorite watch face! I love the different background color options and the font is beautiful! I wish there were more that operate just like this! Please create other background options using this awesome font!
Did not sync with my Gear Fit 2
Beautiful and I love the different faces for each day of the week.
Very good, but the date option is missing
Beautiful, love how it changes colors daily :)
Needs seconds!
Love how colorful and bright the display is.  It's wonderful.
Lovely, lovely and lovely on my moto 360
I love it its sooo great 👏👍👌
These are beautiful!
Love the watch face
Cool
love it
One of my favorite watch faces. It is very feminine and I love that the battery saver mode still looks feminine, while others don't. Many options such as 7 day rotation or staying on a specific day (color) to match your outfit or mood. I also like military time because I work in a hospital.  I have a huawei watch.
What is up with the fake 2 and 5 in notifications? How can I open options, when it force closes? Other than that it's a nice watch face.
Don't waste your time.
Love this for LG round face but the fake notification numbers 2 and 5 are kinda distracting. One of the best, still.
Do the 2 emails and five messages notifications actually mean anything or are they just there for show?
Why is it always displaying 2 emails and 5 sms?
The fake notifications lol
Notification displays are fake
Good looking watch face, but functions wise it's a joke - fake notifactions? Really?
Email and messages indicator always stay at 2 and 5
Good

Doesn't work. Can't find it anywhere. Was excited to have it but big disappointment
It doesn't even work
So disappointed installed app was v plsd & excited but it didn't last long. The apps was no where to be found. Uninstoled app reinstated app, AGAIN no where to be found 😧😔
The weather data is way off for my location. Dev is using decimal pt instead of whole # in forcast temps so the # all jumble together. Emailed dev after I paid for full version and they didn't reply! Horrible app save your money and buy a different one. The pictures do not match what you get in app. Make some changes and I will be happy to change my rating!
I can set the watch face to 24h mode but the time in the forecast section still shows 12h mode.
Your faces are some of the best out there but weather info on all of them is completely inaccurate
Out of all the watch faces out there I like this one the best
After 1 day of use,  it becomes stunned (blanked), doesn' show any information anymore. If I could refund, I would do immediately. NOT RECOMMENDED!
1. It doesn't show SOLAR EVENTS 2. It doesn't show FORECAST 3. It doesn't show BAR. WIND HUMID. TEMP.  - Singapore
Just got my moto 360 2nd geration watch today as a late Christmas gift from my parents and the battery life is great
The data I want all in one screen.  Dev has even added features since I bought it.  I have tried other watch faces but this is the one I always go back to!
My favorite daily driver that I keep coming back to time and time again!
No bugs yet. Most problems I read were fixed within the settings. Just had to figure out what some of the settings actually did. Other than that it's been my watch face since I got my watch 3-4 months ago
I have this on the lg urbane (I just saw you have this face specific for my watch) I've been using it for months... it's awesome! I only wish for one thing added and that is for it to display my phones current signal strength... thanks
Easy to Read, data-intensive, and cool  display. There are other watch faces with more data, but a lot of the information is almost too small to see.  This watch face is one of the best compromises.
Pretty will not update for timezone changes
I just thought you should know and app called luxury watch faces has just uploaded a f04 watch face for sale it doesn't look like yours but it could cause some bad reviews if there was any confusion.                                                            And just so I don't start any confusion im posting this on the original watch face's page.
I like this watch face but I can not stand everytime I go to check my watch, the watch face is black with white numbers then it changes to the green color I've chosen with black numbers like it should be to begin with, fix and I'll change my rating
It won't show the app on my Samsung s5 unless I'm on the app store and all it says is uninstall I can't do anything!
I can hardly go half a day without charging it up
Battery drainer
Love ot
This app is really neat and lots of information however it is a massive battery drain.  My MOTO360 can hold a charge for with constant use for about 24hrs, I added this watchface and within a few hours I was at 40%.  Need but beware of battery drain.
Apple watch no
To fix the black and white color glitch, just open the Android Wear app on your phone and go to the settings for this watchface. Simply disable "drawing for ambient mode" and that will solve the color issues.  I really love this face but the weather information is quite inaccurate. The temperature is always off by 5-10 degrees. This is disappointing as I wanted this mainly for the weather information. I refunded.
The developers make some great looking faces that provide a wealth of information. You can have weather, speed, combinations and some great looking clock faces.
Paula
The weather at my location is horribly wrong.  Why not use Yahoo weather?? Please let us change the weather service provider!
When you flick your wrist it starts shows black and white and when you finally get adjusted to what info your trying to look at the watch face will change color. It's very distracting and annoying nice just wished it worked.
Looked great for about 4 minutes, then half of the settings blacked out, all the face information went blank and my battery dropped  23% all within those same 4 minutes! Why can't anyone make a decent functional face for the things? All these homemade faces beginning with F0xx I assume are ask from the make your own face apps. They should be free until they are fully tested and working correctly.
Its been address by others users too. When it lights up, it is in a different color for about a second. Please fix this. This is my favourite design but that one glitch is making it unwearable
I love the watch face but I rather dislike it when I tilt my wrist and look at it at first it glitches and is in back and white before it changes to the proper background after a second.
Fantastic Face, superb function.
I have all your watch faces for the moto 360 and this is the only one that crashes a lot
Face is great, weather is totally inaccurate. Shows a temp of 50f when it's well below 30. Wow.
Love this watch face. ALL the info I could ever need in a single interface. Best dollar-something I've ever spent!
Even after reset and re sync this face does not appear and cannot change settings. Followed all directions.
Weather doesn't display half the time. Kills battery life
Very well made, good color options, works great. Like.
Everything is great now!!
Best yet
Eats up the battery and interfering with ok google feature. I want a full refund.
Installed it but the watch face is not centered and its cut off. Unusable on moto 360.
I will give 3 🌟 for now until I am offered an explanation or refund for using the premium version I purchased earlier.
nice design, a fresh new look for my watch
great, i love it
Love the derezzzz
Added move to sd card THX
This is what should have shipped as a standard option on smart watches.  One thing I'd ask the developer is to allow users to remove the zero leading the hours, it's not typically seen on US watches.  Well worth the price.
I purchased this because of the gorgeous options, but then I found out that each of the options I thought were included have to be purchased separately. I can understand SOME in-app purchases, but this is ridiculous. I've purchased other apps for the same price they have way more free options available with the initial purchase. You need to be more open about what is included in the initial purchase: next to nothing. I won't be purchasing any other apps from this developer. Let the buyer beware.
The whole reason that I bought the app was to randomize the background as displayed in the screen shots. Very disappointed that it is not there
Lovely watch face but some basic features/functions are missing. Option to remove leading zero, Rotating background, Battery percentage display, MM/DD/YR choice, and the ability to chose how long in full brightness. Weather would also be nice.
Was going with 5 stars but now it says it's  not compatible with my Nexus 6? Useless!
Love it, only problem is when restoring phone or getting a new phone, prompts for purchase again. Update Sept 2017:New phone, still prompts for purchase! Tired of this....
Installed on lg v10 and it did not show up as an installed app
Disappeared from my phone and my watch.. installed but unable to manage the background, tried uninstalling and reinstalling but same issue
Finally, a watchface that lets me configure it to be a simple, minimalistic one! An option to set a single color as the background image would be nice though, had to upload a black image to my drive folder to fix that for now.
The initial bug of custom pictures not going to the watch has been fixed. As I had hoped, this watch face is lovely! Simple yet customizable.
Easy to read minimalist low light with gorgeous backgrounds when on. Love all the current customization options plus ability to add personal backgrounds.  I feel like this is the watch face all that should have been included.  Would like to see additional options like removing the first 0.  That would be the best.  Additional options like adding battery life or am/pm would be a nice bonus!
Would not allow me to change the background even after I bought the app.
Paid for full (single price unlocks ALL features BTW). Great looking face, but, please add battery % at the very least. That along with randomised or slideshow (carousel) backgrounds would be a 5star app! Thanks Dev.
Suits my moods perfectly changing pictures on the fly. This is one of the best watch faces that allows you to import directly any picture you wish so simple and very refined.
Great simple app but would love to customize how long the custom photo stays active, it just fades to black which kind of ruins the point.
No its not fixed urbane 2, still has pass to watch bug.Will change to 5 star when or if it gets fixed.
Love adding a custom wallpaper, and other customisations . Hoping updates may include a different style of clock, and/or saving faces x
After paying for the full version I can't get the picture from my gallery to upload on the watch face.
Doesn't work on Pixel XL...
Everything is an extra cost
Doesn't have a way to change the background or anything. No phone app, no on-watch settings.
I can't change the background on the watchface or do anything. I have a Sony smartwatch 3
It would be Great if you can give the option to set time in Military time as well.
Can't find it anywhere, neither as an app or a watchface in Android Wear app.
I dont see the app on my phone. Pl help me with it.
Just not connecting to my moto via s6 edge.
Option to move icons for charge,  do not disturb etc.  Would be be great :) *
Very good app could be more user friendly,  but overall very good
Would love being able to place the time at the bottom.
Simple and nice. Love the background. Simply mesmerising!
My favorite watchface. Clean, simple with good options.
As above
Great design and customization exactly what I needed
Works smoothly this version
I really like this app, but after purchasing the pro version I am unable to set custom backgrounds. Everything else is great, but if I'm going to give you money it had better work properly.
Hey guys! I really like your watch face. It's one of my favorite. Anyhow, I would like to ask whether the premium fee is one time only. Or is it a monthly subscription? Will I have all the features unlocked or specific only? Thanks!!
A randomizer for the background  would be great. Plus the ability to added more than one other personal selection. Also the ability to alter the text color would be nice.
Exactly what I was looking for in a watch face! Only suggestions would be offer blank colors, and date formating such as making it say month first instead of day. Purchased the full version, loving it!
It looks great, just takes a few re-install after paying in order to use the other watch faces.
The pro version can be made to look very beautiful. Wish there were more font options.
I installed this and the phone battery indicator still empty, please fix this :)
Can't change the watch face on Huawei watch 2
Like the watch face however it does strange things when I get notifications. Rather than display ambient mode. It stays on some kind of mixture between both interactive and ambient. It's not right, I'm sure of that. Happy to change to 5 star if we can fix this...
I like the looks easy to read like it alot also could there be a GPS selection along with the different weather selections
Great thanks, love it. Can you please add all white background
Looks and works great. A must have for wear users!
Design (like Suunto watches) and fixed location (no waste of battery). Thanks
My get-go watch face. Reliable, lightweight, easy on battery and 100% functional. HEAVILY RECOMMENDED.
There are lots of faces available, in my opinion this is the best.  Big day and time and still room for battery, weather, date & week number
I like this watch face, now one of my favourites. Ambient mode looks clear, better than many other watch faces. My only critiques would be the date field overlaps on the date text field (moto360g2), there is no step counter, no custom name branding and I am unable to change the background colour even after the changes are send to the watch.
Use this face all the time. Wish there were more colors and that changing a color didn't require switching faces but it's worth it. Great looking watch face with an awesome layout.
Great watch face for weekend motorsport events
Hands down best watchface on Google play. Had a small issue with not being able to connect to weather on my huawei. Contacted the dev and a few hrs later.. It works! Great job on this. Amazing customer support.Keep it up!
Very quick dev support! Love the ambient mode on my Huawei watch. Please consider updating the watchface to enable interactive mode, would be nice to tap on the weather data and open the weather app. Keep up the great work!
This is possibly the best looking LCD watch face around. It looks awesome on my huawei watch and the ambient mode is great as well.
I can changes the color of my watch to go with my shirt or anything that I wear
This is my favorite watch face for my LG Urbane. In one glance I have the time, date, weather/temp and my phone/watch battery status. Initially I was experiencing some battery drain issues but managed to work around the problem by lowering the watch face screen brightness and reducing the weather update intervals.
Update - i got a new huawei watch and idk if it is my battery or the watch face. With this one im already at 66% from 8am to 10am. Is the watchface using too much battery??. I had a lg g watch and this did not happen####.           incredible, but after 1 week of use. It has a bug where it freezes randomly and i have to restart the watch, so until its fixed it doesnt deserve more than 1 star. Update, they fix it. Great support!!!
Of all the watch faces I keep trying, I always come back to this one.
when the watch gets disconnected and connects again with the phone, the weather information is not restored. otherwise, a fine watchface.
Absolutely fantastic!! Looks really good on the LG urbane silver...added to my digital collection.. A must have!!   People think I've just  got  a digital watch..... ha...ha ..ha.
I love that it shows me my phone & watch battery life
Loving this watchface on my silver LG Urbane. Looks brilliant and is extremely customisable.
Worth 9.9 dollars! Great settings!
New favorite
As said above. Very disappointed.
Love everything else but the wrong weather. Should use other source like yahoo..
:)
Won't connect with watch. Nothing. Can't get a refund anymore after trying to sync watchface.
Useful information displayed in a well thought out way.
The best watch face for LG R hands down. If you like the Suunto style of face just set the face to draw black and white and set the color to red. One upgrade for future revisions would be adding an outer ring that serves as a compass.
So configurable. So detailed,  so fantastic,  well worth the small fee. Keep up the good work
Well displayed comprehensive info, with retro styling
Awesome app. Loving it!
One of the best looking faces
After updates finally battery usage is same like stock faces - 3 days on my LG watch R. Others developers should learn from Smartwatch Bureaux. Thank You!
Excellent support from developer.
Cool
After doing a factory reset the app says that it does not have a connection to wear device.  Tried reinstall of both watchface and Android wear app. Also tried once more with a factory reset.  Known problem? Tried your v03 watchface also. Same problem
Initially didn't work with 5.0. Dev fixed within 24 hours of my complaint. Can't get any better than that. One of the best faces available-as well as their other options. Thanks!
sorry to inform you, but even after the update which was probably meant to fix that android os update disaster, your one amazing face,  is horrible and inaccurate. i need refund please
That's all
I set wind and fluff at zero and it still killed my battery in a couple of hours!
Very well designed simple watch faces at great value. Totally refreshing compared to the rest and what I've been waiting for.                   One request: Any chance in transitioning colours, alternating throughout day/ breathing effects?
The watch faces are nice, but there seems to be no way to change the colours on watch or phone. Also 9TTMM just shows a black face when screen is dimmed.
Gorgeous watch faces and they really stand out. 4 watch faces for 35 cents each is a steal anyway. Very pleased. Keep up the great art-work.
Watch faces look great, but I am unable to modify any of the settings in any of the watch faces :(
Well done and stylish!
Would be perfect if the broken glass would be much darker to look more real (only cracks seen).
Clean and elegant design. Look forward to more from you guys.
Thanks for the additional face - looking forward for more from you guys !
Sleek design
Very nice face for the Huewei watch. Only hands when the screen is off. Otherwise shows day of week, battery of watch, battery of phone, temp, steps, and digital click under the analog for those who can't read watch hands.  Opening apps appears to only be a paid function. Another nice one is their Rolling Watch Face.
Still no support for Android Wear 2.0 Complications... And no response from dev... Disappointing...
stopwatch not working. a waste of money for a premium access. specially when the interactive feature does not seem to work. you have to force stop the app on your phone to regain the interactive functions.
I wasn't willing to pay for a watch face. I did buy this one. No regrets
Why doesn't the app picker show all the apps I have? And thr random colour toggling is very annoying. I think there is enough feedback here that something should be done.
Really like this face. Accommodates everything I'm looking for on the main face.  My big complaint though is that the ambient hands on the black background are way too bright. They need to have configurable color for sure.
It's a great watch face, but I have a ZTE Quartz watch and everything seems to be working except the phone battery percentage. I can completely charge my phone and the watch face still shows 0%. I have tried everything, even resyncing, but no dice.
Not easy to select watch faces.
Doesn't work with Samsung watches
Amazing in every way!
Great app for my Moto 360.
Good luck
Great
Great
1 of the best watch face, everything is pretty accurate. 👍👍
Good
I paid for this watch face but unable to use it at my Huawei watch 2. I paid for nothing. Useless.  And I can't find Watchface app as recommended by you.  Update: Installed directly from my phone via Android Wear app. Then another try via phone Play Store. Update 2: I already did that twice, installed from the watch still can't find the watch face inside the watch.
I downloaded for my Huawei 2 but nothing happens, what is wrong? Other guy (from review below)seams to have problem too.Too bad as I think is has fantastic,cool watch faces. Please fix this problem and I will give 5 🌟. I don't mind paying for staff that works.
I am a pro user.  I like it . But two things have to be fixed. 1. Auto update of mobile phone charge % as it's not reflecting right %. Steps count not updated though it's connected with Google fit..
Nice looking watch face however all this can be avoided if clear instructions was included
Couldn't use it for a while, uninstalled it, and now it works again. Wish the always on display way a but more customizable but I'm satisfied with what I've got
I couldn't even download the watchfaces, everytime I tried to it would take me to the pay store to download the app.
Can't open clock. Useless
It's easy to use with my Moto360 1st gen.
Doesn't work on moto 360 gen 2 all the updates are very slow. Time will never update battery notification does not work. Want a refund
background colours changing itself almost daily. Weather updates work intermitantly, often have to update it manually
This is a beautiful watch face with alot of functionality, however it has one big problem at the moment, the watch face colour's keep changing by themselves! If you fix this bug I will amend my review to 5 stars (using Pro version)
My lg g watch r doesn't work with any of the richfaces i've purchased since the new android wear
I can not get the features to work with my ZTE Quartz Watch. I have re sync ed several times with no luck
This is my favorite watch face for my LG Urbane. Recent update caused battery and app issues. Developers corrected quickly. Great watch face and highly customizable.
Works perfectly on Huawei W1. You can fully customise this watch face from the app for a very small fee which is worth it in my eyes. Great job.
Installed the app, paid for premium, doesnt launch on moto 360. Scam!!
I can't use it on my gear 3. I followed the instructions...reset everything more then a few times...and I still can't get it to work
Great watches but it would be awesome if you were to show pics of of what AMBIENT mode looks like for full purchases....JS
This watch face is exactly what I needed for my LG Urbane watch! Working as described and working great. Worth the money.
Nice  face like it alot but always shows 89% on phone battery the temperature is always 19c thats only things i can fine worn with it
Great, simple to use with lots of options! I can see me using this for a long time.
Does not work with gear S3
Want a refund, doesn't work
Does not work with Nixon Mission
Nice looking face, however phone battery isn't synched, constantly shows phone battery at 0. Have many of this developers other faces and don't seem to have this problem so must just be a formatting/coding issue with this face? **update; 3 other faces from this developer have the same battery issue now. Turbo 2 and moto 360; fixed
I bought this Watch face, but it does not show up in Samsung Gear 2, neither in the watch nor the phone, after installation. Can someone please help!
Like many of this devs faces, it is not centered on the Moto 360. Needs to be moved a couple pixels to the right (not sure exactly how many).
Missing weather phone call and messaging
Nice. Please fix phone battery indicator, it displays 0. I'm using LG G3
Plz fix phone battery, keep displaying as 0
I really like this watchface. I wish I could say I love it. But unfortunately on my LG G Watch R it randomly goes off-centre when in low power mode. Its pretty annoying. Fix that and its 5 stars.
테마도 2가지로 제공해주는 센스! 다른 시계들 보면 완성도가 높지 않은데 완성도도 높고 제 모토360이랑 잘 어울려서 좋네요.
Good!!!
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
I downloaded but i cannot find the app on my phone. Im using oneplus5. Please help.
I really like it, but only giving it 3 stars because you can't remove the weather from the watchface even though it's been disabled on the app, I will giving it 5 stars of this is resolved.
Well designed and very classy

It's not working
Not bad for a free version, the pro version would not work.
Beautiful display!
Brilliant
good
UPDATE.. After people had battery drain issues the new v1.6.1 has solved this.. Since 6th Dec update my Sony Smart watch 3's battery now drains in a couple of hours : ( it was my favourite watch face for ages and I liked the new calendar function.. Please fix this
Updated review.... After the update.... Been using for 3 days no battery issue... Eye candy for your smartwatch... Cheers Devs!  Keep up the great work
Crashes immediately after launch. Too bad cause the UI is nice
Best looking watchface I've seen. Love the calendar feature. However the steps count is incorrect
I wore this watch face tonight at a dinner function and it got a lot of attention from the watch lovers. Very nice addition to my collection.
Junk!!!!! locked up my phone and will not say on the watch
Since the latest update the watchface stopped working?
Sony sw3 ..5 stars have a great day,  and thanks for the cool face
Hello how do you grt this to work on a sony smartwatch2? Cant seem to get this started
Simple and classic, looks great
Y360 crashes it sucks
My favourite watchface especially good for square face watches
Looks good on my Fossil Q Marshal watch
Keep it going it looks awesome.
Just downloaded well see
Beautiful watch face

Very cool
Crashed
Awesome
Was my daily watch face but upgrade drains the battery in minutes, please fix so I can go back to it
doesn't work after updating
Like the 'in your face' colour & also the design. Could be a little sharper with the graphics but still really like this.
Tried several faces for my Sony Smartwatch 3 and this is the best that I have found. Works really well and looks good in the square format.
It doesn't work on Asus zen watch 2. Actually the watch face is not added in Android wear app too
On Moto 360 OG
Nice work and design.  Thanks for sharing
Lovely looking watch face with an excellent looking yellow face, and even better it comes with a square face for Smartwatch 3 most don't.
Love this face, it looks like a real mechanical watch. The colour makes it look very elegant.
Works fine on G Watch R will see how battery lasts but looking good so far
Managed to find it now. Great watch face. Would recommend this to all.
have used this for a few months on my Moto 360 with no complaints, except I would like new faces added. these are getting a little stale for me. please work on adding more. that's why i paid for the app in the first place.  UPDATE: lowered my original rating because i still have not seen any updated faces. i paid the full amount to have all the faces and have seen nothing. these are great faces and look nice but stick with the basic faces and don't waste your money.
Very cool watch faces! These are what all faces should strive to be. Simple, elegant, with a little movement to add a nice touch. There is one problem I have found on my moto 360: the time is not centered horizontally on the face; it's off to the right. Fix this, and this is an easy 5 stars!!
Worked great for my smart watch. Try it, the only thing is that there should be a larger amount of new faces.  My friend is into flowers a lot, if you put more of those I know she will download it..     Thank you.
I have a ladies Huawei and it works beautifully! I chose Moto 360 as the watch type. While time isn't centered, I'm not sure it was intended to be as it would block the image? Thanks for such a lovely app. I'd love to see more themes from you such as a hummingbird in flight ;)
First, this app does indeed work with the Huawei watch. Which is a good thing. It's set to the Moto 360 setting since Huawei isn't an option. Second, I purchase premium and got no additional content. The content is exactly the same as the free version. I feel like I got played for that. Where are the fall and winter themes?
The faces they have are nice but I wish I would have read the reviews before trying to upgrade to "premium". You don't get anything different than the free version . This developer should be confronted by Google about this!
At the risk of possibly not knowing what I'm doing! I can't give anything more than the one. I've playing around (wasted) longer than I care to. Any watch I've picked, costs me a small fortune. And this, I must assume, is what you call free? Give me a break. Although, I've not had the chance to view it o my home screen, it does look very cool
It worked ok until I purchased the Galaxy s8plus now it will not work with my watch. I'm so sad. This was my favorite watchface
the icons on the bottom are slanted to the right and partially covered by the bottom lip. I tried playing around with the settings to see if I could somehow fix it, to no avail. :/
I paid for one of the unlocked faces and couldn't get it on my watch due to a glitch.  Horrible.
On my huawei watch the digital time is not centered like in the app pictures and when choosing what type of watch I own in the app huawei is not listed.. Am I missing something.. especially when the app mentions a huawei fix?..  Otherwise the animations are beautiful
Nice choice of faces but I made a donation through the HD app but this does not give access to premium faces via any other app. Disappointed
The face is beautiful, but what's annoying me is that it won't read the correct weather and I can't change it. Is there a fix for this or will there be an update?
On my LG Urbane can't see left portion of date. The weather on bottom left is also cut off. Cuts of time on top right.
Really enjoyed this app.  Went to buy the premium, however app creator is greedy and you can't purchase just the premium without buying him "inspirational food or drinks"
The only problem is that it glitches just a bit at the end. Otherwise it performs just as expected.
faces are cool however doesn't work. bluetooth is connected & notifications working. But this app doesn't work. sorry. I'm using a android panadoo smart watch.
Just paid for the up grade and got nothing else so sad
I love the animations, they're beautiful. More importantly, I really like the day, date, and weather info. My notifications cover the weather so I can always see the time and date. Excellent design.
Does not push watch face to device. Doesn't even install on watch. Install/uninstall x 2, no joy.  Bug report sent..uninstall..vaporware unfortunately. Cheers
It is a nice app, I paid for it and I don't regret it,  although there was a promise of new themes every week and it never happened.  Hope the developer ads some new themes or add a upload your own file option.
So wish more than anything for some winter and Christmas faces. Maybe next year
One of the very best. BRAVO!  All the faces look great on my Tag Heuer Connected. I'd give you 10 stars if I could.
Works nicely, hope after buyin premium more faces come.. without more charges! Very nice hd animated picture's. Great job!
Still a good buy
Looks great on mine.  All faces in the pack were free.  Be sure android wear is set to animated watch faces after hitting push to watch.
Works fine on the Sony SW3.  Very beautiful watch face.  I've only got the free ones and love them (3/23 faces).  I'd quite like one with digital plus analogue display on the same face.
I paid for the premium and I didn't get any extra faces absolutely nothing changed
Keep getting an error "Animated watch face stopped working". I have installed and uninstalled 3 times, restarted watch and it will not work
After installing app on phone i m unable to fatch this on my samsung gear 2 watch.. no channel available to connect.
Not working please sony smart watch 3 paid 1.09 to you product doesn't work
I have the Asus zenwatch 2. I absolutely love the animated backgrounds. I have not noticed any change in my battery usage with this app! I would love a few new flower blooms... or maybe randomize them!
Did everything right but won't push animated faces from my Note 3 to moto 360
Got help pretty fast fixed my issues....was very specific... beautiful watchfaces great on always on setting and gentle on battery
Beautifully rendered animations really captures attention. Wished there were animations of animals like fish in aquariums, horses, etc.  Really nice interface. Good job!
Illustration shoes Huawei watch but cannot select from the set up option... Useless!
I purchased the Samsung Gear V700 and I am unable to sync, is this compatible? How do I get my phone to sync with my watch? Thank you!
I'm going to try for couple more weeks if it holds up next month I shall be getting the premium
Beautiful themes,  I cannot be anything better then these themes for my watch
I absolutely love these watch faces. The animations are really beautiful and clear on the Moto 360. Great selections to choose from too. Highly recommend.
Works great I love it
It's ok I like I can get the colors that I can see easily
(Huawei here) Having an issue with phone battery not updating on the watch. Worth the 5 stars easily. It's among the best for simple, yet crucial key customization option. My favorite thing about this face is that I can make it super bland like a normal digital watch and have one tap away for an app, which is use to open the timer. - - - Only thing I'd truly like to see added, is a black themed ambient because I use my watch at night for work and even the "outline" has way too much white giving an obvious distracting glow. And I even use third party apps to darken the screen. (Wear Edge Control & SWApp True Dark).
Liking this a lot, but I thought with it being interactive that I'd be able to launch my Weather app by clicking on the weather (temperature), but I can't seem to make that happen.
Very good watch face. With a little tweaking it would be perfect.
Great stuff
This is a very nice watch that offers reliable data/info, and customizable to any colors you like. Neat and clear numbers and letterd. I use this watch face all the time. I remmend highly.
Would be nice is hour markings and second hands had separate colours. Otherwise perfect.
Does exactly as advertised. Great color combinations.
Works as it should
Ok
Good
Ok super!!!!!
I especially like that there's an option to always keep the display on. Battery life is barely affected. Still get 2+ days.
Love the configurability and design.
Looooks grate on Urbane
All of this guy's watch faces are dope! This one is good, just use dark colours with white text!
Great watch face good looks nice features great job
Looks cool
Nice app shame there are not more free faces
Should have square faces
Like it
Looks great and good options.
I do love this but I can't get the black and white cat watch face unfortunately :(
I LOVE this watchface! I feel like I'm never alone when I wear it :)
I love it!
Cool I am a cat lover so 500000 stars!!
Super Cute! I absolutely love this watch face!!!
good design
The cat moves too fast! It will be nice if it moves slower. anyway it's good!

Adorable! (Have to turn on "always on" feature on watch to get ambiance mode with the b&w kitty)
Being able to tap on the kitty to play with it is a nice touch. Very cute.
Cute face looks easy to use. What is shipping ?
Cute watch face for casual use!
Adorable cute kitty, simply love it.
It's cute, I love it.
so cute
Cool 0
Recommended
Simple, nondraining, and very cute face that gives me the info I really need, which is time and date, even in sleep mode. I have several more funtional faces with all the bells and whistles, but always return to this one as the nicest and easiest to read.
Please make more cat watch faces, getting tired of the same kitty! I'll gladly pay for other ones. Or ones that cycle a different cat per day. :)
Ok, no features. No weather, no heart rate, no battery life. It's just so dang cute!
I wish I could change the background color. It would also be cool if you could set the gray watch face for normal mode instead of just ambient. I like the sleeping kitty.
The ambient mode looks very nice . Just need to make the day & date more bigger... so far the background colour suitable with my tag connected straps (orange).. but can we have more customize colours.. maybe some darker colourm overall.. looks cute on my watch
Cool watch face. The kitty turning lags the watch a bit when it wakes up from ambient mode.
Touch the kitty and he rolls over . fun and cute
Keeps my girls amused while changing their diapers and clipping their nails.
This is one of my favorite watch faces. The kitty is just way too adorable!
I love the animation for the 🐱
But I love this one so much, it makes me smile everytime I look at my watch!
The date is really small to see. I have to bring it really close to my face. Especially at work when seeing the date is important.
I love the interaction with the kitty. Ambient mode kitty is also a nice touch.
How can an app with no interface use mobile data in the foreground?
Nice watch face and the animation is adorable
I am so excited about it
One of the best watch face out there!
I love cats. It's really cute
I think this is adorable
I am a sucker for cats
I like it
Yisss
Simple, yet so powerful.
Cannot open on my phone. The only visible thing is the uninstal button
There are some awesome watch faces! Thanks dev. I love it.
Brilliant!
Garbage
On my moto 360 it is off center from the top by about 1/4 inch,  Uninstalled it, a pity!
wow
It's a very good app. The features probably work well. Customization is easy and intuitive. It's a little hard to figure out how save, share and transfer, but with a little work, everything turns out fine. ONLY, I can't transfer from my phone to my watch. I'm pretty sure I'm doing everything right, but I just can't transfer the face I just customized to my watch. Doesn't matter how many different times I try, nothing appears on my "user presets" face.
Really like the face and very, very configurable.  One downside is that the digital clock on the ambient face didn't update when changing time zones, the primary analogue face did.  Selected an alternative face, then back to this one to correct it.  Minor bug?
Wow! This is a really nice Android Wear watchface. There are a lot of watchfaces for AW, but I believe this one is the best. It's even better than Weareal. The quality and options are amazing.
Not very user friendly -- cannot get it to sync to my Ticwatch.  Incompatibility issues would have been nice to know about before I purchased it. :(
The weather is not updating. Currently it is minus 1 and the weather says 9c. I checked it was last updated 3PM yesterday afternoon, it is supposed to update every two hours. I can not count on the Weather for me it will be better to go another watch face that does work. Seems to change but it is real slow at changing, can not rely too much on what it says.  This is stock weather "weather complication I tried did not work well",  maybe see if I can find a better weather complication.
The most professional customizable/ configurable watch face ever. The developer(s) put a good amount of effort. Simply love it. Now if I may suggest an updtae/ upgrade ( which I'll gladly pay for it ) will be to add a rectangle boxes for digital time viewing ( something like aviator version of breitling ) that will cover a lot .  Thanks again for such an amazing watch face .
I'm impressed with all the futures and settings with this app. Initially I had issues with the settings due to not uploading the app on my watch.
Must have 5 star app. This app is awesome. Very easy to use and understand with great results. I wish it supported gear 3, maybe in the future or with a separate app . I would pay again for this app to work with gear 3.
Excelente watchface.  Worth its name...Ultimate !. Great presets. No issues with Huawei smartwatch 1.. costumize until your heart content
Great watch face - very customizable!
I have to say I purchased this just a few minutes ago and I am seriously impressed by your app.
Easily the best dollar I've spent on a watch app
Simple and elegant. Total customizations is the selling point.
It was working but I went to change my watch face today and it won't sync.  It alsuo blew out my old watch face.  I restarted my watch but no luck. I uninstalled and reinstalled but no change.  Doesn't work. It finally installed to the watch and I can sync faces again.  It must've uninstalled itself somehow, which isn't cool.
Great was just what I looking for! One thing though, I like to have my ambient mode the same as when I tap on the watch but just a little dimmer and not a different colour background, any way of doing this?
Extremely customizable, very nice looking face. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that on my LG Watch Sport, the face doesn't fill the entire display, instead leaving a small black border.
Great features especially for the outdoors folk, the barometer and altimeter are awesome additions to a watch face.
Is it possible to have GMT/Zulu time added to timezones?
Very nice!
This is it! This is the watch face app I've been looking for!! My search is over! Ok... Let me explain. My primary watch face is the Bubble cloud app, that app is way more than just a face, it's a app launcher, watch face, and way way more. But I've always searched for secondary faces, for when I want just a good looking face. I settled on Pujie Black, I had some nice faces from them. But still... I was always still searching for elegant, real looking watch faces. This app hit the nail on the head! These faces look stunning, and they look like actual real watches. I have now the Zenwatch 3 in black. So the black and gold faces from this app look like my watch came with it. It looks made for my watch. Looks....prefect! I wish I could attach a screenshot image here, but I see no option here to do that. Oh well. Treasure my word for it, it looks really good. Thanks for the great work guys
This application is fantastic. The watch faces are beautiful and the customization and functionality are equally great. I especially love the altimeter complication.  I was a little intimidated by the customization interface at first but after a few minutes it was easy to figure out. I even sent the developer a question that was promptly and thoroughly answered. Again, I am very impressed.  This was definitely money well spent and I highly recommend this app.
Great app, great communication - the issue I had I'm not sure why it happened but this seemed to fix it if anyone ever gets the problem - essentially swap to a different watch face (possibly even a watch reboot fixes this) - this retriggers the app to ask for permissions - I had authorized the heart rate permission but not the weather permission, unsure how that could affect the heart rate but again must have been some odd hiccup that once I restarted the watch face it asked again and I hit check then went in and enabled HRM and it is now working! Truly a great app and I appreciate the quick feedback from the developer even though I ended up figuring out the problem as I was sending them an email! (this was when I  re-opened the watch face, it asked for the weather permission and I accepted and the Heart Rate feature started to work)
Good app that lets you add in complications.   Would be nice to have a higher level of customisation rather than just style and colour. I'm also a big fan of being able to see the mechanisms, so would be nice to have that as an option for a face
£0.79 for this?  It's worth a lot more!  Great app, so many choices! Hard to stop tinkering!  Thanks dev ... great work 😀
Love the customization options! Finally got a watch face set up just like I want. And it is really pretty as well as functional. Now if someone could write a decent in-call management AW app that really works my Pebble replacement would be complete.
I have never been as impressed by an app. There are a ton of customization features. I finally got the watch face I wanted.
A full 5 stars. Beautiful, customizable, supports everything I need and beyond. Best buy, and so far the best watchface regardless of price.
When I set a custom background image it shows then changes back to a standard background any fix for this?
Can't find a way to move the unread message indicator that's at the 2 o'clock position. When I read a message or dismiss one, that indicator still shows until I read on my phone. It's also right over a dial I have.
Simply the best.   It ruined all other apps for me.
Doesn't work with Google Fit 2 watch so requesting a refund otherwise looks amazing!
Beautiful minimal and functional that doesn't rip up your battery like other faces!
The best looking, functional, and customizable watch faces I've used so far.
Best I've found so far
Everything I am looking for in a watchface. Excellent customization and options. Thanks dev!
Brilliant watchface for AW2! Really nice design and great presets to play with!
Great
This is the second best watchface for me. Although it is a bit complicated with all the user setups which I didn't master yet, however I thunk it is missing one major functionality which is the ability to assign shortcuts anywhere else than the dials. Im the developer will add soon as I see him active in responses and updates.
Wow!  This app is amazing, not only in the broad variety of watch faces it offers, but in the vast number of configurations and complications it employs.  Most other apps offer far less for considerably more money.  In addition, I had a few questions about some of the features, and received incredible technical support from Stefan.  He was very persistent in helping me understand the best way to accomplish what I was trying to do.  I'd give this app 10 stars if I could.  Buy it Today!!
Really love this watch face because of the configurable dials with shortcuts for each.  The one improvement I wish there was an option for would be making the dial information dominant in the display so that the hands do not obscure the reading of the information.
I was looking for an app which would navigate me along a recorded/downloaded track with Wear support. Most apps with wear support were not able to strictly follow the waypoints in a satisfying manner. This app though fulfills my use case 100%. After 4h of navigation I still had about 60% left on my Huawei Watch so a full day should not be a problem. App is simple to use with a lot of thought put into it on what functionality and information is useful when navigating. Fantastic work by the developer!
The best Android Wear navigation app at the moment. Only track recording  missing to make it a 5 star on par with any Garmin GPS watch.
Works pretty good I use for hiking and works well on my LG G watch R.
Beats the heck out of GpxViewer, both with the editing features, filtering, track conversion and smartwatch navigation.
Been looking for an app like this for some time.
Ingenious, beautiful, and useful
I love the display and the features of this watch face but when I change the settings in the app (like disable hourly beep) it doesn't transfer to the watch. Hopefully this will be fixed with an update
The date needle tip is clashing at date 16 & 17 as it passes by the center point of time needles. Please upgrade the date dial/needle size so it looks realistic. Please also fix the month August, the short spelling should be AUG (not AGU)...Thanks.
I purchased this and could not get it loaded to my Gear. I emailed the company twice and could not get a straight answer on what to do. I want my money back.                                                                .                                                                 It's been a few weeks and I still haven't seen a refund!! Customer service at it's worst.
Moto 360 2nd gen becomes glitchy. How may I get refund ?
How do I disable the tap theme change?
I love it but it need more work
Nice little change of pace
This doesn't work for the gear s2 - not even showing up to select it in the watch face template.
I don't get the Tron comparison, to be honest. This is something unique, easy to read, informative, and eye catching.
Compact info in good colour.
it is not showing up even after rebooting my watch and phone. I see the app has been installed. What am I doing wrong?
Looks nice but no matter what colour you make the face it goes black and white in standby mode which is very disappointing. Not many options, for a paid app would expect day/date at least.
This is a nice, simple analog face. It hints at  time long past. It would be nice to have a second hand to complete the look though.
Gorgeous,  love it
It looks stunning on the moto360, but i refunded because it needs a seconds hand!
It appears support for Samsung is limited to only "Gear live".  I rated this face set on merely device support. If your device support is updated, I can then experience this face set and raise stars accordingly. I have a Samsung Gear S 2, currently are there plans of updating? I would really like the opportunity to try this face set out. Thank you for your time.    Regards,    Daniel R. Sullivan
The problem with this is the hands. They are in the wrong order. Also the second hand is terrible. It would be better without it. It's just too thin. At first I thought it didn't have one Anyone knows the hour hand is at the bottom, then the minute hand and last, on top the second hand. This is back to front and looks stupid. Put it right and its 5*instead of laughable. I'll stick with my pixel Perfect B&R1 I made. Google needs to make Them show the real face. Not mockups and photoshop.This lot use 3d print
No support, does not work. Looks like a 5 year old made ir
Hands of the smaller dials are in the wrong places. They look like they've fallen off. Uninstalled straight away.
It looks horrible on my huawei watch. The hands are in the wrong places (not in the middle) and the time is off, but that can be fixed somehow
Looks cool. I like the color and style
Unorganized on Huawei watch
Ambient mode required,
Really nice I like it, bit it always crashes on the Samsung galaxy gear live. 5.1.1
Thank you for the free app sale!
Concept is great, but the time text is out of place on my Asus ZenWatch 2. Please fix.
Updated: The Dev team are awesome! Fixed the alignment issue as soon as I wrote to them. Well done guys thumbs up! Definely recommend them. ------- Old : Does not work with Sony Smartwatch 3 ( Square Dial )
Great concept but font does not line up on Moto 360 2nd gen. Dev was very quick to respond and is working on it
Super cool app...works great. Love looking at my watch and seeing a retro NES graphic :)
Text doesn't align with the graphics. Little customisation.
Looks elegant so I must be a lady then since it was made for ladies...who cares it looks good
Classy design. Doesn't interrupt or block the watch's display features like many other faces do.
But it will be better if u put more options such as phone & wear battery display.
Love it on The gold moto 360
Aye, made for a woman but I like it too
I like it.
I really like the look of this app and was going to buy the pro version but that version based upon the reviews doesn't seem to be Wear 2.0 compatible. I noticed both versions haven't been updated since January and February so that might explain why there are problems on 2.0. The diagonal look of this face is wonderful but I wish there was a way to rotate the diagonal 90 degrees. I'd rather the hour be towards the top-right rather than the top-left.
I was so exited when I saw the latest update. After all the complaints about 12 hour format. I thought that change was the new feature. I don't really know if there is a plan to create another version (not free). But most of us had it and we loved, so now it's disappointing, that's why my rating changed.
People who are having issues installing it as your facewatch.  Please check your watch after installing this on the phone. Goto google play store and at the bottom you should see a list of apps that can be installed. Yes you have to install separately on watch again via play store. Thanks for the awesome watch face
Used to be a favorite until changed to 24 hour format. I want 12 hour format back.  And looking at even the paid PRO version feature list, looks like that doesn't have a 12 hour format option anymore either.  USELESS AND IM UNINSTALLING
Is a really good design and works perfectly but drains my phone battery for some reason I have tested it and cant understand why this drains it so much if it can be fixed I will definitely reinstall and continue to use
Why did the makers removed 12 hour format? Give customers an option to choose 24 or 12 hr format.  Reduced the rating to 2 stars for removing 12 hrs format. It practically makes it useless for me. Not using this watch anymore :(
Installed on my G3 but keeps crashing... Tried everything i know to no avail.
Automatically created an intrusive widget on my desktop. Thanks but no thanks. I wanted a watch face, not a hostile takeover.
It WOULD be great, but this 24hr format just isn't working for me. Why would an app force people to use "military time"? Definitely needs to have a 12/24 hour option. I'd probably be tempted to pay for the Pro version if the FREE version offered 12 hour format. I wouldn't pay for the pro version just to get a 12 hour format though.
Not bad, but no full-color ambient mode, no weather information, and automatically creates unsolicited home screen shortcut without permission. Good support.
I cannot get this watch face on the list of faces available to my watch.
Wouldn't work I tried everything and couldn't get it to work for my Gear 3
What virtual watch face this day and age doesn't have a 12/24 option? Was about ready to purchase when I noticed this. No deal. And not one single reply from developer on this matter.
My favourite Sony Smartwatch 3 watch face; very easy to read in ambient, looks surprisingly good on a square display. Seems good on battery life.
Doesn't work....just crashes. Installed 3 times now, crash, crash, crash
Didnt even work on my Samsung S7..
So bad!! Crash many times.. No thanks
Does not work with gear s3
Can't put face on watch via the add on app or through my watch
Can't install unless I send a review... So it gets a one
It doesn't even launch on my Note 8
Bring back the 12 hour format, please!
How it works can anyone tell
This is an awesome watch face. Keep up the good work guys 😁
Wouldn't install due to versions issue.... I have the updated version of Android wear....
Doesn't work
Please do 12 hrs format.....
Super face
Love it much, very stylish
Do'nt work with my Gear S3
i love this watch face☺️👍
Excellent face for Zen watch 3...
Very beautiful watch face
Looks good. Unique
Nice watch face.
Cool watch face
Ok
Wo
Nice design.
Nice!
Chews up the battery. I think it is the second hand which in my case is not required. Can you give the user the option of removing the second hand please? If you do that my rating would be a 5. WOW. The best response from a software developer ever. Now a big and well earned 5..........Thank you
Good developer!
I like the simplicity. Wish it used the smaller notification style so they didn't cover up the time I'm trying to see. That's my only nitpick.
Like the design but should have a 12 hour option.  Don't want to do math to determine it is 9pm at night.
Nice clean watch face, but it lacks the option to display 12 hour time.
Really nice cool looking watch face! I like its minimalistic design.
Installed this just this morning 8am, it's already 4:15pm and still waiting for it to appear on my watch. What happened?
Love the look on my zenwatch 2 but can't read the date At all as its too dark.
The first analog round watch face I like on ZenWatch
Date and battery is a bit too dark though
Very lovely
Good
Thanks!!!
The watch face is not center on moto 360.
Simple and precise
Blown-out and pixellated.. not to mention half of the watch face is cut out. I own a Moto 360 and am very disappointed with d face. Looks like a rising moon. Don't waste your time.
Cant find how to change color :/
WILL SPAM YOU TO BUY THEIR OTJER APPS DO NOT INSTALL. Miss some configuration items such as how long I want the screen to stay on. Also, main issue is that there's just not enough cities!!!
Not bad. Lacking some customization, for example weather needs an option for Fahrenheit. User-defined color settings seems easy to implement and would be nice too. Update: big battery drain, uninstalled.
Cluttered and unreadable and the colors are brighter and not refined at all on the watch, it looks like an incomplete idea with old design
Not reflecting on watch.  Not button or option in app to set it to watch
But there is a bug where the watch hands will be stuck where ever the screen off has them at and the hands will jump forward to the current time when woken up. Will rate higher when it is fixed
Probably the best looking watchface I have seen so far..it's worth it..looks great whether it's day or night..need more like this!!
An immaculate watch face that is both functional and versatile.
Absolutely stunning
Looks like crap on Gwatch. Ugly bars while trying to blend colors on the white background.
Not worth it for square watch faces.
For less option...
Watch is not show anywhere I search it in widgets, live wallpaper etc...
Ambient mode is nice but doesn't match up with the watch face.  Card previews overlap.  Looks nice otherwise.
Simple yet sophisticated. I wish we can modify the font, and format of the dates. anyone knows how to edit this watch code? where i should find the source code to modify the text format? :p
Really like it.
Interesting
This is the most creative watch face app that I have ever seen.
Loves it
Love this face, but only one complaint - there never has been or never will be a 24:00 - after 23:59 comes 0:00 so would really like to see the 24 replaced by 0
I can't use it as it does not show up in Android Wear for 360 2nd Gen.
Just can't get any of these watch faces to show in Android wear? Ensure you have Watchmaker Premium installed on your phone first.
Doesn't show up on my fossil q founder. Is this a virus for my phone?
Purchase the face and doesn't appear in android wear!
Not able to send to fossil
Can't see it on my watch. It's the hauwei watch new
It would be nice if it showed up in my Android wear!!Waste of time!!!!
Please my moto 360 2nd gen is two tone gold and chrome i purchased the app, i do i select the gold face
Doesn't appear in my watch list of Android wear for my Huawei watch
Can't find the face(s) anywhere. Please help
Don't work on moto 360 2nd generation
One of the best watchmakers there is.
Doesn't show in the watch....
Eagle watch
I
Not visible
Amazing i cant fault it.
good
Great!!!!!!
I can say nothing but good things   about this watch! It works flawlessly & the craftsmanship is superb the gold with the color combinations works great! Will be rocking this watch for a long time to come! Thanks to the designer Frank!! For another home run!
This is your best watchface yet! Looks great on my Moto 360!
Flagship phone LG G4 and LG Watch Urbane but the face will not show up. Look elsewhere! Tons of other great faces out there.
Nothing. Waste of my time
Won't show on watch or Android wear app :/
Hello is very good software thanks
This is so freaken sum I cant get it to so up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Alignment of face is way off
Looks great! Would like the date to be shown on the watch face tho.
Time warner
Installed it with no problems for 4th of July!
Love the design but very sad need to uninstall it because it drained the battery very fast...
Nice compromise between analog and digital. Super easy to tell what time it is. Hoping to see more customization options in the future, specifically choosing what info displays on the bottom and what order to cycle it through. Also an option to remove the shadow on ambient so that the entire number shows up.
Does not work. Only displays the time, everything else doesn't work. When I tap on the weather/calendar/etc, it says "loading" indefinitely and nothing shows up. UPDATE: Fixed after checking permissions of the app itself. However, I expect the app to ask for permission instead of just crashing. Just bad code.
Great Update! I am truly enjoying this watch face. There is one thing I would like on the next update is more HD like text. One can see the anti-aliasing a but when it is in ambient mode. I have the huawei watch. Great app!
The darkened time doesn't show up in Ambient Mode on my Sony Smartwatch 3 (probably because it declares low bit mode but actually can display grayscale).  Card previews overlap with bottom text.  Otherwise a well designed face.
Not sure if the dev is still active, but I would love it if the"tap here to do x" features were optional, as I just want a watchface without all the bells and whistles
It really needs a vibrate on connect/disconnect function added though
I like the fact that its minimalistic on the surface but you can see so much more with little effort and its still clean.
Super cool watch face, I get to have everything I need under my finger, great battery life.
Would recommend highly, has a bug or two in the interactive options but nothing too major.
Such a gentile Elegant look. And yet, softly but cleverly,  a turbo interactive info provider.
Love the look on my 360 and the new interactive interface makes it so much more intuitive
Please  update app.to make this compatible with Android wear 2.0 paired with iOS.
Thank you for your work ! It is possible that in the future to add more fonts options for numbers ?
Only suggestions I have is adding the hours text layer over the minutes layer. Hard to see especially if in sunlight. Maybe more configurable options like additional date formats, bold text option, and only temp for weather instead of cloudy, sunny, etc. Great job though! Very unique  :)
Since using this face my battery lasts ALL DAY!!! Made me love my watch again. And it's absolutely gorgeous. Outstanding work.
Interactive update is great! Thanks!
Great Update
Love this face, looks good and is stretching my LG G Watch R usage to 3 days per charge! Have noticed a bug though -  if you turn the minutes markers off, when the face is active, you can only see the seconds in the space after the minute hand before 0 degrees. So, if it's late in the hour, you can only see the seconds tick for a few seconds before they vanish behind a background again for the rest of the minute. Suspect it's a layer thing... Some more colour choices would be nice, too... Or a colour wheel?
This watch face looks amazing. I'm really impressed. I think this is my favorite one so far.
Once again this developer has brought us a simple, elegant watch face that isn't too heavy on battery use
Great style. Would love to be able to change colours/setup please.
The numbers are not "sharp". Needs to have those numbers smooth out. Also adding a seconds option color would be nice. More customization would also help.
Nice
Are complications going to be added ?
Nice watch face x3
The doors are all over the place
Very Stylish and cool watch face. Love it
Doesn't even run on my Android 5.1 'Q1" This must be a wear face!
Second dials in vrong places
Don't understand

Nice application
Looks good, works well. Exception is that it is incorrectly reading my phones battery to display. Other than that I'm happy. Huawei watch.
I understand developers need money, but three nag screens in a row is too much.  An in-app purchase to unlock functionality would be much better.
Great  app for my moto 36p
No customizations at all, and the colour us very annoying for the eyes.
The app is easy to use; would like to see an option to change the text on the watchface
Find these free watch faces quite often and they look grainy and unrealistic. This doesn't. Looks equally good in ambient mode too. Really nice, classy watch face. Thankyou!
Looks great on my Moto 360 2nd gen, but unable to set the golden color scheme. Do let me one if it is supported on my smartwatch, if yes, how to switch.
It also has a silver option!  (not just yellow) Classy watch face.... and impressive ambient face.  Good watch face... especially for free..
My favorite watch face and I rock it most of the time. However, I wish the developers would make an AMOLED friendly version with a pure black background!
Really nice looking watch face. A minor detail is that the 15 tick goes in to the date view. 5 stars when that is fixed :-)
Pls make an option for user to keep the golden color in the ambient mode. The golden color is an amazing thing while the black and white color is terrible.
I had a very hard time finding a nice looking gold watch face, I got this one a few weeks ago and haven't changed since. I wanted to find a face similar to my Seiko Kinetic SK366 and this one managed to satisfy.
How can I change color from silver to gold? I have an Asus ZenWatch.
Download from store.  Does not show either on note 3  or android wear or moto 360.   Even after app sync and restarting  Mail address is invalid.
The background is to light on my polar M600. Looks more grey then black which isn't so nice.
I downloaded it and my phone says it's there but I can't find it on watch even after resyncing.
Looks nice but once I downloaded it, I couldn't find it on my phone apps or the watch, my devices are Nexus 6P and Huawei watch
The design is simple but very sharp and it's get every one asking in my shop when I switch it on that's nice what type of watch is this
Unable to open apt with AT&T and Best Buy tech support. Help
Constantly shows a 4 on top of the watchface
Working perfectly on moto 360.
Also gold version switches back to black version when it enters ambient mode,  wish it stayed gold.
There is no way to remove this app from your watch. If you try to uninstall it, it stays on the watch. Downloader beware.
Downloaded and installed on phone, but even after days never synced to watch.  Note 4 and lg g watch r
This watch face is exatly that i want please make more watch face like this thank you
As good as many paid for faces
Nice watch face look premium
Looks Clean unlike some other grainy looking faces
Eats battery like crazy
Keep doing watchfaces :)
This is an attractive and easily read watch face that simply looks great.

Not working on lg w200
People who live architecture should really try this App.
Looks really good on my Smartwatch 3, thanks:)
I've installed it... but can't find it anywhere?
My primary watch face. Looks absolutely gorgeous on the Huawei Watch.
Looks amazing on my asus zenwatch 3, thank you
Whoever made this did a good job
Looks great on my Moto 360. Simple and clean.
Very luxery. amazing look.
most cleanest watch face  on the play store
Very nice watch face
Simply love it...
Best ambient
Will give a proper review when I've used it for a day or 2. Nice design though.  Simple and clear to read.
Not able to open
This is pretty good. It needs Google Fit integration for the step count
I don't know how to work it
Its a unique watch face, but I struggle with seeing how its worth the money, the battery and 24 hour setting keep changing. Inability to change the background, app drawer is nice, but can't add or remove apps from it.
Would be nice to have the date on the main watch face. Maybe change color of fonts.
Nice concept but super laggy animation and wasted space for no reason and only 3 color options
Until an update screwed the alignment up on Moto 360. Three months later and still not fixed. Poor show.
Has potential, Unfortunately on Moto 360 Gen 1, it seems to align with the bottom of the screen, not the top, which leaves a gap the same size as the amient light sensor at the top of the face. Not usable, but fixable guys...
This is probably the best looking analog face I've found for my G Watch. Only request I have for it is a day/date display. Otherwise it's almost perfect.
It's dropped off centre on Moto 360, is it so hard to fix?!
This watch face looks like a triangle in my moto 360. Please refund my money. Four days just pass, and I still didn't get a refund. I want my money back now please.
I really like this watch face - the 3D effect with the highlight and shadows looks terrific.
Used to work great, now is not centred on the screen and is useless. Do not buy this, it's broken. Moto 360
Need customizations, but exactly what I was looking for to simulate a real analog watch
Works as intended :-)
loved it
Always takes a second on wake up to update the time.  Other faces do not suffer like this.
Lack of depth on physical watch features leaves me wanting more on other watch faces.  Would love to see some customization options for setting the depth of components here. In any case, love the idea and hope it catches on!
The 3D effect is subtle, but looks nice. Active display mode is very visible, which is a plus. I do agree with another review in that I'd like to see an update that includes the option to have the date displayed.
Installed earlier today, twice already it has frozen the watch into an eventual reboot.
My favorite part is the passive mode appearance, its great for reading analog time without unlocking the watch.
It would look a bit nicer if it had the date on it. I really like it though.
Nice watch face but like the reviews say the face is off aliment. A simple shift up would fix the problem
This is a terrific daily use, easy to read face. I installed it and never looked back.
Doesn't line up on Motob360
App would not run or deliver promised watch face.

Doesn't work
Works great for me.
Its good
Great idea! Ambient mode is a great plus for GWR users, thanks! These faces remind me of types of artwork to stare at to find the images lol.
Don't even work dude that's like so anoing I mean like what the heck
It didn't work on my phone.
Awesome, The Best Watch Face For Android Wear💙
Love love love! Fun way to countdown to Christmas and beautiful themes.
Please let us decide whether to use the countdown or not. Then it will be perfect!
Beautiful watch faces. I love them all.
Works well on a Moto 360 2nd gen.
I love this watch face but for some reason the steps aren't working? Its just 0 on all 3 areas. I bought the premium edition. I am hoping to get this feature working so I can keep it as my primary face on my android wear watch.  3 stars for now and 5 if I can get the steps working.
All the functions related to the GPS not working.. Steps, walking, distance and others. I paid just to have the full function.. How can Get them all???  And i connect to google fit, still distance not working... The steps worked
Watch face won't sign into Google fit so can't see Google fit data. Bit frustrating really. I've signed into the companion app but the watch says not signed in. Tried but unfortunately won't log into Google fit on watch.
The data isn't accurate from Google fit. Nice watch face other than that but pointless if the data doesn't match the watch face. This needs sorting ASAP
Bought premium and steps don't update.  This is ridiculous and needs to be fixed.  Signed into Google for on the app and the watch.  Reinstalled both the app and watch.  The data is in Google fit but not updating to the watch at all.
It looks that i have paid only for the watch skin not for the functions which the developers have advertised. The step count doesnt work. It opens the music app for no reason. I have seen into the comments that this is a known issue which the developers are reluctant to fix.
The steps don't change. It's stuck
Great watch face. All works fine on my lg watch sport, fit, weather, everything. The face shows everything and it does not look crowded at all.
Purchased this app - however update from Google fit is not functional
one of the crappiest watch faces
Ничего такие часики, но платные, если все функции открывать
I love it. Most beautiful digital face that still uses the roundness to great effect.
Doesn't work health steps are blank.  Other faces are fine
Not good 🤔
Good looking!
Stuck
Love it
This face is great and I bought full version, but I have very serious bug. My moto 360 shuts down when batt. drops to 30%. It only powers up when I put it on charger and it is always 30% full when it boots. Update: Bug is in moto360 w2 software.
Steps being tracked on my LG urbane but do not show up on display. It's synced and told me when I got past my goal just the display all says o for everything
First I couldn't get fit or weather to update and now I can't even get the face to install.  Premium version unlocked.
Not the greatest. Wouldn't update steps. Had to uninstall.
Seems to work great other than it will not count steps or distance. I have a Moto 360 2nd gen
Installed and bought premium on Huawei watch but cannot access premium settings in the phone app. Nice looking face othrrwise
Battery life is good but it doesn't count steps and miles when connected to Google fit. Huawei watch. Android 2.o
Nice clean face with plenty of info displayed. Works a treat on my g watch r
Lovely 2.0 face! Love the customization and execution. Looks great.
Nice simple watch face
1st and only watch face that has not shown up for me in Android ware or my watch went in the watch face app sent it to my phone nothing. I like your other watch faces this one looked cool. I'll keep trying for a while I guess then uninstall it.
I like the design a lot. It would be almost perfect for my needs if it just had customizable app shortcuts - though I doubt there's any room for those in this UI.
Would be nice if watch face designers thought of designing faces for square watches too sometimes.
Works. Everything is very small. Very small. Ought to try to make numbers bigger
Not working on my Moto 360 2nd Gen
watch face stuck in pending on watch install very disapointed  any solutions watch is lg watch r on android wear 2
It is a junk file and am getting the hell out of ma phone nw
Free version does not have base features
Так себе дизайн. Не понравился.
Aman Khan
Haaa
Good one bro
How can I install this in watch
Simple and neat. thank you.
I can now show tiranga on my watch :v Jai Hind
Shintu is the God and the master of the universe
Shintu is the God and the master of the universe and Nandi planet
Shintu is the god and the master of universe
Shintu is the god and the master of universe
Doesn't allow you to make any changes via the watch face and it lacks the ability to be opened via the phone. Garbage app.
I can't even open it up on the phone to put custom background on the watch
Won't let me edit the photo or anything
As my expectations
won't run at all
You've done a terrific job with this - Better then Moto 360 stock customization app - you've added the bonus of Color Time and date AND font size!  Now even able to move time location so it doesn't block the pics. Keep up the great work - love the color/font options! I'm back😄! Now I've got My Pics, with My Color digital time and font in the Size I want; and date is just as customizable. Having Color options and size choice is a must when using custom photos -and stock only allows b/w which of course didn't work with all photos. With this Custom Watch Face app the digital clock can be tiny so as not ruin a back ground pic or enlarged and moved L/R, U/D. You're the best!
Works great on my LG G Watch. Simple, able to crop photos in Wear app, shows time and date. Great feature would be ability to create a gallery that cycles thru: each time watch turns on it's a new pic. Thumbs up!
I chose the photo and never displays. I've added several images still does not work
It uploads your pictures sideways and there's no option to rotate. Uninstalling.
Can't rotate pictures
Great app!
A really nice app you've created. Relatively easy to use. Would be great to see an option to automatically cycle through images at it given intervals. Excellent work though :-)
Amazing.
I don't see the brightly colored pie-chart style pictured. I'm only getting low-visibility, muted gray-on-white (or on black) lines and wedges, even for appointments assigned bright colors on my Google calendar. The date obscures the hands near the 9 too much.
Shows up for my Moto360 but not on my Fossil Q at the same time.  Is this by design or through error?
It is really what I want: the price is a bit steep, but it's something really worthy. My suggestion: multiple calendar synchronizations, 12h time span, outlook accounts and more color customization, at least for the hilight color.
Not bad. Works ok on my Huawei Watch 2 Sports. Gives all the relevant information at a glance. Will never miss another appointment.  Thanks.
I would love to give it a try but I have installed and unistalled it multiple times now and cannot get it to show up as an option for my Huawei watch.  I am now past my Google play return time and would like a refund if I cannot get it load on my watch.  I have read through the notes and tried resyncing all apps and it still will not show up.
While it looks useful, I couldn't get this watchface to recognize any events on my Calender and there is no settings to control this at all. My watch is synced so the events show up on other apps on the watch, just not for this. Never take control away from the user like this as it puts them in a situation where they can't do anything to address the problem themselves.  For reference, I'm using a Sony Smartwatch 3 which has a square face.
After using this app, I noticed something that hinders it as a calendar keeping watchface. It will only show you events that occur within the next 6 hours. This means if you make plans for later in the day, suddenly you can be reminded that you have an event at that time when it is too late. Since the fastest update period is 30 minutes, this further damages the small time you have to see your events.  Highly problematic.  Second, the apps ambiant mode does not show you markings for your events. It only shows you a bar of white text of what time your next event is at and can be slightly covered by the watch hands.  In conclusion, this watch face is a great idea and looks very nice, however the features do not compliment it as a "friendly" calendar keeping face and, in my opinion, must be addressed if more people are to use it.
Although this app supposedly syncs to the calendar every thirty minutes I waited all day for it to never update. Unfortunately, I didn't realize this until after the refund time so now I'm out $2.99 for an app I'll never use again.
I don't usually install paid apps directly in case they're awful but following a review from an Android website I took a chance on this. Never again! There's nothing basically wrong with it; it works perfectly well although one or two calendar entries seem to be missing (possibly my incorrect use of the settings) but it's BORING. And TINY.  It needs a larger and thicker font for starters.....and it's not the fault of my watch (SW3....and why no update to android wear 2, Sony?) because every other app is easily visible even in bright sun. The bar along the bottom of the screen is positively teeny and the colour so grey it may as well not be there. Come on, developers. You can do better than this. You've got my money now, so use it.
Unable to install on my Huawei watch so it's essentially useless.
Fonts too small and agenda items don't show event location. I need to know what room I'm supposed to be in.
Bigger font on watchface would be great.
Great watch face, shows exactly what I need to see. Install perfectly on Huawei watch
Would not install watch face to my Moto 360 sport on wear2.0. not impressed
What a great watch face! This is what I'm looking for.
Very useful watchface
Install experience was difficult. Once I finally got it up and running, the small font for the clock dial and other areas made me switch it quickly to something else.
Not only is this a piece of junk that never worked for a single minute, but it's developed by people who are in it to make a quick buck by cheating customers. I installed it at night and tried to set it up, but it wouldn't work right, so I figured I'd give it a shot in the morning. When I tried it out after waking up, it still wouldn't work, so I tried asking the developer for a refund, but they didn't even so much as reply to my email. Scammers like these make people hesitant to pay for apps and try them out.
Worked pretty much perfectly with my Sony smart watch 3 and the wahoo TICKRX.
Works with zenwatch 2 and zephyr smart hrm,  Does not work with Androidwear 2.0 -  can't find the watch face
it doesn't work with Polar M600's led sensors
Doesn't work with gear live watch
Reporting work ok connecting sw3 and mio link.  I can not choose the interactive mode in setup
Button to keep screen on is below screen on moto 360 (in flat tire area).  Otherwise it works well.  Wish it could save /transfer log to phone, then would be only app I need.
All good, except that on my Sony Smartwatch 3 the text is a bit too large on the device chooser screen. Can still read it, but the bottom few pixels on each text box are cropped. Good job otherwise, using it with a Polar H7 chest strap.
Has this been tested with the moto360 and Mio link? Looks like a good app.
Very festive watchface for the holidays. Works great. Highly recommended.
Once you set the size and y and Z of the data it looks very good just takes 5 min to play about with. Would love a notification count for the perfect face
Looks perfect on my M600. If I may request, please make the Alarm and Chrono into buttons to activate those functions.
Can't find any customization options, losing some of the info into the black borders.
Way too hard to customize layout for your watch. Should come with preset watch sizes.
Like the concept but can't find the customize app. UPDATE: found the companion app. Great old school face.
I have the old LG g watch and I can say this is the best watch face I've tried in these years.

Looks cool but how do I adjust the settings???  Moto 360 2nd gen running 2.0
How do you adjust the Custom layout/s? Thanks..
MAYBE
Cool. Easy to use
Ace face 😆😆😆
Brilliant on my smartwatch 3
Cool, is it possible to display the month in a three letter style rather on numbers like FEB  instead of 02? Still a cool face  Edit: later on that day it was added! :) amazing thanks 👍
Thx good watchface it is works
Favourite watch face, use it all the time. Would be great if it showed phone battery and allow you to change some of the colours used
Display too big for Zenwatch 2
Thx working and it looks nice.
Awesome
Update: creator fixed layout for ZenWatch 2 and it looks good again. Back up to 5 stars. I really loved this face and am happy the creator was able to resolve so quickly. It is back to being my daily watchface.
Really digging this 👍
I love this retro look and that it provides the date and battery level that's accurate. With average use and brightness set to 1 with no ambient mode on this display easily lasts about 24hrs. I've done that a few times but I charge it before I go to sleep most times and it's at 20% then.
I had made the mistake of installing this watch face since day 1 and ever since, I was never able to find a better one. This is highly informational with battery percentage and looks retro cool. Thanks dev for making a great product!
Silly concept it may be, but it looks great. Could use some minor tweaks on the Moto 360, though; the edges get distorted by the tapered glass and it looks a little rough against the black background.
The 'water resistant' and other badges need to be toned down, they draw away from the great look. Weather and phone battery indicator would improve this
This is my go to watch face right now on my Moto 360. Easy to read interface and like that is has the battery percentage. Could use a little bit of tweaking for the round watch face though.
It's remind me, my old casio watch, which is a classical watch from casio. Low battery use. Overall excellence experience so far. So five star.
I've lost count of how many watch faces I have tried over the past 2+ years and I always find myself coming back to this one.
I love the concept but it's totally off my my Zen watch. All the numbers are shifted too far right or too far down so I can't see them.
It pays to read the app description, I suppose, but I downloaded this without knowing if it would be compatible with my G Watch R. Turns out it was.
But my battery life has been great since switching to this face. I'll update here if it sticks.
I use this watch face the most, thank you to the developers and I hope you have a good week ahead.
First impressions - this is great. Looks really nice, a touch of Tron (there's an idea...) in the neon blue ring. Just wish I could change the date format to EU format (DAY/MONTH) but, it's free and, so far, bug free.
Displays all you really need. I like it a lot and it's free, so no reason not to give it a whirl.
Tested on LG Urbane. It definitely provides a look and feel of the watches of the early 80's. Great idea. However, it uses more power. Look forward to improvement in later versions
Installed but not show up on screen or in wigets ! I TRIED AGAIN NO CLOCK NO WIDGET NO NOTHING ! DISSAPOINTED !
Ambient mode jst sucks it luks like a fake display on my Samsung galaxy gear live.
The number alignment is a bit off on the ASUS ZenWatch 2.
Very good looking watch face with all the details you need on it...looks like a classic digital watch face....love it!!
I was looking for a good digital watch face for my lg urbane and this fits the bill - modern yet retro i would have gladly paid for this.  Thanks
Found out about these online apps accidentally! Downloaded right in watchstyler. Love designing my own but really like this one for Christmas on my original Gear. Looking forward to more! Thanks for your creativity!
Would not let me refund...
Great watchfaces, clean animations, cool functionality, but with many UsTwo faces, you can't show the date, which is such an easy fix.
Great app, very useful. Will you be updating to the 2.0 complications?
Complications and hour ticks in ambient would be nice. Great timer app though!
First time a developer did something amazing for the android wear ecosystem
Like this watch.
The best clock with counting minutes
VERY NICE!
Very useful interface. Is there a way to set the timer by hand position? (Its 5:06 right now. I want to tap at the :10 to have it ring in 4 mins). Also I keep setting the timer accidentally multiple times throughout the day. Not sure how it happens. Maybe a double tap to set timer would help? Thanks!
can I donate? im Adhd and this has changed my life!!  ______________                     UPDATE!!!!!: seriously, yall need to shut up and take my money. i feel bad not paying for this. it really has changed the entire way I go about my day. Sometimes I go to make a reminder and will blank at the OK google screen. This lets me set a "reminder" instantly without having to think. That, and I set so many timers throughout the day this really speeds it up.
Cronos looks awesome and is quite handy. however there are times when the timer starts automatically or gets cancelled due to unintentional touch on the watchface. 2 touch to start or cancel as additional settings might be extra helpful. don't use any other watchface that comes bundled
From the people who made the gloriously gorgeous Monument Valley, comes some very standard and lacklustre watch faces. Please take it as a compliment that I expected more from UsTwo.
Nicest faces ever. I usually don't write reviews but these are gorgeous
I love the idea of this watchface, but I want the ability to get more detail in the ambient mode
GREAT FUNCTIONALITY! I wish every watch face you could apply this to! Please make more faces!
No full colored ambient.
Nice and simple design. I love it!
These faces are a masterclass in design. Just genius.
needs settings and options imo
This is an awesome watch face and there's finally an integrated timer! As a request, you should see if you can make the Metro 2033 or Metro Last Light watch face with the same integrated timer for us gamers out there :D
Watch is nice looking. It only when a timer is going.   Otherwise, meaning most of the day it's quite dull
Would like some more watch faces or color options.
Having an option to disable the timer if the watch is put to charge would make this perfect.
absolutely love these watch faces. I wish there was at least one digital watch face as I prefer them over analog, but still the best watch faces on the play store.
I just love to read the change log every update its just awesome PS. Can we have all the change logs because i want to read the old stories too
Excellent work. Runs lovely on the Galaxy Gear Live.
And gorgeous too.
Ustwo are consistently delivering the most useful and aesthetically charming watchfaces for Android Wear. Bravo.
Di ting is easily readable and irie
Can't set timer
I know it's been said before but, these are beautiful......
App is now more useful.
Very good
Useful and beautiful faces with a clever idea.  A warning to Sony Smartwatch 3 owners: the ambient mode uses thin lines that are hard to see.  (This is because ustwo designs their faces to support burn in protection for AMOLED displays.)
This watch face is embarrassiny bad. There are no settings to customize anything and the ambient mode is awful, barely usable. How is this rated so highly?
I have a galaxy note 4 android 5.1.1. This app has not any graphic vision. What's wrong with this app? Guide me please
Please provide an option to change the timer interval. I want to set countdowns for as little as 10 sec.
I really like it for Motorola 360 2 gen but can you make it so you can change the color please!😁
I use timers a lot for work and this is the simplest, quickest way to set one. I would really like the option to change colors, but it isn't a deal breaker.
Simply awesome & easy to access the timer. But if it would be great adding some more watch faces
Love these. You guys make the best faces
My favorite looking watch face, my only problem is with the recent Android 2.0 update. Previously status indicators (dnd, disconnection, charging) appeared near the middle of the face, now they are appearing at the top of the screen, which is making it difficult to tell when my watch is disconnected or in DND mode. Is there any way to fix this?
I love the look of this face, but the battery drain is horrible. My battery is dead after 8 hrs with only this face...16 hours otherwise. Even if I disable everything and go to the lowest screen brightness, it buys me another hour. Its a shame because I really want to use it otherwise.
Very nice and elegant but after AW2 it's becoming very old and not useful. The developer doesn't answer or make any effort to improve it. Only complications works as icons and you cannot actually go to the application from it. No widgets as well. It is a shame as this is one of the best designed watchface. Hope the developer will start listening to the feedback.
Overall, one of my favorite watch faces.  I love the day and dual battery dials, but the weather dial is useless.  It's always wrong.  It will be raining, and it will say it's clear, or vice-versa, as if the location is wrong. Fix the weather, and 5 stars.  Also, I wish there was an option to put voicemail and unread sms message count in one of the circles.
The weather is no longer working for me. It is one of the major reasons I have the watch face. It now shows it as 70 degrees Fahrenheit and raining no matter the weather and location. Any way to fix this?
I love this watch face , One of the best. The only problem I have is that When I choose third party complication such as google fit or AccuWeather , Nothing appears in the watch face , total blank .   Also , I will appreciate it if you can add option for digital time as a complication or as a replacement for the classic clock.   Thank you for this great watch face.
Doesn't display aviation logo, name, or custom name. Notice watch battery depleting quickly since installing but still a very nice watch face with good customizations. Very happy with despite slight downsides. Highly recommend.
Great watch face.  The one thing I would add is interactivity to the built in complications.  Tapping the weather complication should open my favourite weather app, date should open my agenda, battery should open energy options, etc.
Complications do not work properly. Top complication doesn't show up and always empty. Would not recommend this watch face.
Zenwatch 2 wear 2.0   great looking watch face! third party complications dont work, also ambient settings dont work as they should.
The watch face looks really posh but the "3rd party app" complications don't work. Otherwise the watch face makes my watch look much more expensive than it actually is, and makes it really easy to read time and other displayed info.
Need a refund please. Does not work on my Huawei. App loaded on my Pixel. Let me adjust settings. Says it's on my watch. But not. Can't contact the developer for a refund. Link in Google Play to contact goes in a loop on my play receipt.
Really like it and it was worth the money. But the third party complication will not show on watch face. Tried a few none worked. Wanted steps to show.
Good looking watchface but with horrible battery drain. Decreased battery life by over 50%. Do not spend the money
When I first installed it it was working fine now logo is showing already disabled the logo option and it still shows I'm using this app on moto 360 2nd gen with my LG v20 can you please fix?
3rd party apps stopped appearing on complications.  This is reason I purchased.  How do I get developer support?
This is the second face I've purchased. This one is even better than the last. Would live to be able to drop an f-bomb to relay my satisfaction. That's how effing cool this thing looks!
I just bought it after the latest update on my LG Urbane 2 but it does not show up in the watch faces like the others.. can I get a refund ?
The next calendar event didn't work but other complications work well and I like the style.
Third party complications does not work on my Huawei watch 2 ,they should work on complications
This is a stylish and functional watchface I have used on my two Zen watches and Now my V24. I would rate it among the most stable in terms of battery consuming while at same time being great to look at.
Great watch face on Huawei. One of my favorites! Now with Android 2 complications!
Love the look and ability to customize, but the ability to set a city for weather is very limited and doesn't even include some state capitals. Automatic location may work, but I don't leave GPS on on my phone.
3rd part complications do not work. They just show a blank space.
Good look BUT very heavy battery usage!! My watch battery is about 4 hours earlier empty!!!
This developer, imo, makes some of the best looking watch faces out there. Have a few already and will definitely be adding more.
The background is not pure black. It's some sort of gray
The weather forecast is always wrong...This would be a 5 star app if the developer would take the time to fix the weather feature.
What happened to the steps complication? Gone all of a sudden.
One of my favourite watch faces. Could have got 5 stars however last version could not make logo invisible when I toggled it on and off.
Looks sharp and has everything one needs oh their wrist.  Well I got a new phone and can't get watch face on my watch now
Horrible battery life on my Fossil Gen 3 wactch
Great looking face but as others have said the battery drain is awful. Any from 40hrs to 18hrs using this face.
Seems to have stopped working. LG Watch Sport
Please would you consider doing a Tizen compatible version? The Gear S3 has nothing like this; you'd clean up!
Very nice design, but sadly does not seem to work with third party complications.
Have used a couple of android watches now, and find after time I keep coming back to this face. Looks polished and classy.
Still my favourite watch race but.... Still needs more work with android wear 2.0 🙁
sir! i bought it installed it but never showed on wear !!
Not syncing with Android Wear on Android 7.1.2 (LG Urbane)
Great designs
Second hand doesn't appear in lenovo vibe K4 Note, cool widget, keep create awsome things!
OK but nothing exciting
Very good
Font size of watch battery level is too small to see clearly....
Awesome
It great app
Great watch face love all the features, the only thing missing is a music player option but still giving 5 🌟's
Beautiful but i wish it had 2 time zone
Handsome watch face
Nice watch face
Good APP !!!
Watch black
Amazing
Good
I press sync to watch and it wont. I have the android wear app and that works.
Love it! The person who designed this must be a super rad dude.
Doesn't work on my Sony xz
Wouldn't even open... locked up phone, took 10 min. to get control of phone while fighting it trying to open websites?
The color of the flames will not change???
Nice and real looking flames.works fine with my sony smart watch 3
Simply osmmm... Love it
Fantastic and great looking. Will you support complications in the future?
Lovely
It works with my android wear. Has alot of ads but it's cool.
The digits or slightly off center  to the left on my Hauwai. Other than that it looks very nice up to now.
Not working with Android wear
This is more then I expected.  It is beautiful.
Otherwise it looks very effective..
Fiird
gooooood
Crap
Love it
Kool face
Make a simple balck and white watch for sleep for this watch face.
This app keep booming my phone with bad adv
Watch face won't load on this watch
Khili khobeee
Cool

Just putting this here that although it uses not much power but the phone battery and the missed calls doesn't work. It only works when I reboot watch but then stops working. Yes 8.7.03, yes I have factor reset watch 3 times.
It looks great very simple and easy to read.
The pleasing fire animation is let down greatly by the less than elegant accompanying font. Something along the lines of the built-in LG `Together´ watch-face font would add greatly to the design and animation. Also unless you're ten years old with the eyes of a hawk, the watch/phone/date text is far too small; I would replace these with icons and an abbreviated date format..
That's a big watch face.
Great!
Nice job, never gets old looking at the time with this watch face..
This will definitely gain attention
Nice watch face
Keeps freezing
nice
I rarely review apps. They have to either be exceptionally good or exceedingly bad. This on is on the bad end of that spectrum. I couldn't find any of the customization so I honestly don't believe it exists as advertised and here's why: the moment you run the app or change your watch face to this, you are bombarded with a mind boggling amount of ads that lag up your phone. I can't imagine how a weaker phone might handle the situation. It's near impossible to get back to a screen that isn't ads. Uninstalled.
Installer highjacked my homepage and started playing video ads.,..stay away...this is his third program and it installs spam
Dont download its a spam it opened like 500 tab in my google chrome and didnt want to stop its a virus
An add after everything you click on. No thanks.
I don't know I haven't worked yet
Pure garbage & millions of pop ups..
Ill try this
East ny
Needs it so you can interact with the face but apart from that it's great
Great
Like the watch face.  Lots of information in one place and it's easy to read.  However, the altimeter is WAY off.  The watch face altimeter says 1661 ft and my actual altitude is 1052 ft according to two different Android altitude apps and two location based web site altitude finders. Fix the altimeter and I will give 5 stars.  And yes, GPS location is enabled on my phone and in the watch face settings. UPDATE: I am sitting in the exact same location that I was when I wrote my first review.  The watch now says 1291 feet. That's a difference of 370 feet. The other ways I verified my altitude still show 1052 feet.
This is my most favourite watch face. It is very tricky to install, it goes like this: Uninstall the V08 watch face from the playstore on my phone, go to the Android wear app, and click the lower "MORE" button to search and install more APPS from the playstore (rather than Watch Faces). There you search V08 watch face as if it were an app and install it. The smartwatch then instantly notices that you have a new app and asks if you want to install it. After installing it on the watch it still will not appear in the watch face list, but you can run the V08 app on your watch and one and one of this app's features is to set the V08 as my watch face.
Now it has shown up in my Android Wear and watch... I thought it could display 2time zones... How do I set up the 2 time zones...? I have installed the Watchface into my phone but it doesn't show up in Android Wear...
Is a really good looking watch face. But It crashes.my smartwatch every time. I use it for now it's just a waste of money. And I'm using. It. On the Nixon the mission. So the support. That they. Added. Is not doing it
This is my favorite watch face for quite some time now. I love how people are staring at it and all they understand is current time and maybe weather. It brings back the magic of tech that you don't really understand how it works back.
Face does not show whatever i do. Reseted watch reinstalled androidwear waited and waited. It does NOT SHOW. Review. Took me 2 days to make it show and 20 reinstalls
Can't find the watch in Android wear so at the moment it is pretty useless for me aince i cannot set it properly.....
Lots of fun and also seems very accurate.  Looks cool as a cucumber too.  Highly recommended
Purchased but it is not showing up on my watch. Emailed you for support, but you did not reply. Refund please.
Only 4 stars because I wish one could change the colors.  Green to blue would be easy one the eyes.
Good altitude is wrong in miles per hour doesn't work on fossil smartwatch
Doesn't show up in android wear, developer doesn't respond to contact.  (LG Urbane)
looks cool but remind me to wear my glasses to read it
When it crashes, it dies it HARD. It gets in a loop of the phone desperately trying to recover. I have to hard power off the watch. It's rare enough that the coolness and unique factor still lands it as a 4.
I really love this face. However it would be nice if we could change the colors instead of only having the green option. Sometimes I need to swap faces because it doesn't match with my oufit. Thank you
I love this watch face for my urbane 2nd edition. Has a great military feel to it. Keep up the great work.
Wish it had a rectangular option
Tried many cool ones but always come back to this. It is simply awesome!
I am unable to detect the face neither on my Samsung Galaxy Note Edge nor on my Moto 360 2nd Gen. Hope to get a positive response. Thanks
I love this face. I have decided to try a different one from your company as well. I look forward to using both watch faces.
Whenever the watch is disconnected,  the mobile energy bar goes below zero!!! Please fix it. Thanks
I installed it, but no download in my lg r watch
Awesome! Only had it a day it's got the lot
Can't see it in the android wear app
I like the face features but hate the green outer edge highlighting i wish i could turn it off. Also phone battery not showing accurate number its always 40 % too high.
Info too small to read. Weather info is not configurable. I don't know who the provider is but, when I compare it to weather underground which has a reporting station just a few miles away the watch is off by 3 or 4 degrees on average.
Great watch face loaded with information. Works as described on a  Huawei. This developer's customers service has raised the bar in my book! Thanks for the help.
Incredible collection of information with this face.  Incredible collection of watch faces authored by you as well.  Keep up the good work!  Thank you!
Can  you make a version of this with pedometer.  Love it just missed my steps
Uses a lot of battery. Loads of info, but because of that, everything is very small. Can be difficult to read. Especially in bright light.
With everything set at default, I'm getting more than 5% drop in battery life every hour.  22-03-2015: There is a bug in the display of the phone battery in version 5.4.3. The phone battery would drop below 0 when the watch is disconnected from the phone.
So do I need to enable GPS sensor to have better battery life or leave disabled to get better battery life? Please let me know and I'll update review.
This eats my battery in 3 hours sometimes 4. It does not matter what I turn off!
I really like the collection of watches offered but this one drains the better of both phone and watch like crazy. Even after disabling moving speed. Do you even test the watches before releasing them! Please fix!
Excellent watch face, I love all the information it provides and it looks fantastic on the G watch R. My only request would be that we are offered different colour options - I much prefer blue to green and having the ability to change the colour would make this a 5 star watch face.
I liked all the potential information that this face has. but when I downloaded it everything scrambled up to the point it was not legible. I got my refund immediately.
If I change any unit the watch face gets screwed up and it causes the watch to restart, and for some reason the refund button is not appearing !!
Incredible, but text so ends up being illegible.
Seems like it would be really great, but at this time, either my watch (moto360 gen2) or Android Wear 2.0 does not allow the install. Install just says "download pending" and never changes. Tried several times, giving each try at least an hour to download. First time I gave it all night (about 10 hours). Restart of phone and watch did not help. Removal of apps did not help.  I do like the docking mode by this maker... Just wish this would work.
Anytime I have to reset my phone, I can't use my code and the developer is a loser as he doesn't reply to emails. Complete waste of time
Can't use a free watch face with steps on it and weather to see how it works so not worth downloading it. Can't understand why people don't give a 1 week trail or something
This App Has Got High Definition Watch Faces And Works Perfectly Well With Moto 360 2nd Gen. Kudos ! Awesome Job..!
Very nice classic watch faces adequately priced  Installed also on my new phone and work great
Love this app. Easy to use and actually works, have been trying several apps for days now and am staying with this one. Great Job!!
Doesn't work on Huawei classic watch and would not let me send a bug report to report this
This is an update to my earlier short one line review. 5 stars ofcourse for the app again, works on my moto 360 gen 2 flawlessly but 5 more stars for support from Nicholas, the developer!
My unlock code doesn't work anymore. If i reinstall app, doesn't recognize the code. What can I do?
Stopped working after Lollipop update on my LG watch. Reinstall few times, now works.
Refund please...bought the HD version for my Nixon Mission...app downloaded on phone...but could not push to phone...what gives...Free version sucks too!!...i want my money!
Nice looking app. Can't get it to work on my cheapie smart watch. But really nice watch faces!
4 months later still waiting for the 'face' to show up
Push to watch does not work
Developers please let me know if I can use this app on zenphone 2 Not able to push face on watch..
Don't work on ptron tronite watch
Great watch faces very easy to use app. Only request is to have customizable shortcuts on watch itself. Good job developers
Nice to have these kind of app to add watch face.
Premium is jewelry. Great work, thank you for making it so nice.
Didn't push any faces too watch this app is useless
Excellent app works so good.... If it can add those steps, calories will be awesome
One of the best watch face apps hands down on the play store!
Looks great, but doesn't work on my Pebble.  😢
Didn't work for my watch
Failing to work with my Gear S but has some great watch faces
Upgraded phone and downloaded but no longer had my premium features and code not accepted.
Great array of watch faces to choose from - for all occasions, attire, moods!
love it, but if can have more lady color , will be great!
A very nice collection of elegant designs.
I like the classic face best, classy. New faces added all the time.
Nice app, but would like to see more free faces
Doesn't work!
Good app, I used it on my other 2 smartwatches.
Very stylish!  Smooth faces for the watch!  Keep up the great work!
It's good. Would like to see more features in the future.
I like the faces this app offers great Style and elegance
Easy to use and follow and hopefully more new ones coming
appy i use it with my Fossil watch
Love this app it has by far the most elegant and beautiful watch faces.
Lovely faces   but the code ýou sent me does not work
Really cool decent watch face for my moto 360 . I am feeling happy with this pretty watch design. It also have lots of customization .
Too much spam to rate this app
Exactly what I wanted.   A simple watch face showing all info.  Sometimes people can over complicate a watch face.
This is simple and the one I wanted. Thank you very much :)
Great and simple watchface, perfect for timekeeping at a glance.
Simple, functional and effective.
Thanks m8
Very nice
Excellent
The perfect watch face I wanted. Thanks :)
In the very brief instructions it says "long press to switch between the different faces" but it doesn't work.
Crashes when it turns to ambient mode. However it works fine on my moto 360 first generation
I really liked the face, but it doesnt work on Moto 360 2nd G.. Tried downloading twice, restarting device.. But to no use.. Return my money ???
Awesomeness! LOVE THIS!!!!!
I like it cool images maybe u can add some functionality like the minimalist watch face then will be 5 star for sure
Had to refund. It shows on my LG R for one second. Then error and watch app shuts down
Sony Smartwatch 3 - when it went to standby this app crashed - otherwise it had a nice selection of settings
Would be a 5 star watch face if it were not for this NN.800000000000000001°F Fahrenheit bug.
Im loving this! A little dark but I like dark and minimal stuff!
I like it too. Does exactly what its intended to do
Good app. Looks high quality.
This is the app I made. I'm the only person that has ever downloaded it. I really like it though.
When are y'all adding the silver face instead of jus the black face only?
It did end up installing after the last update.
Dear Alex,  I purchased Glossy Classic Watch Face yesterday. However, I can't see this face in my Android wear app in phone, sothat I can't sync with my watch (Moto 360 gen1, 6.0 version). I have tried many way, included your instruction in Playstore. At the moment, It's still not OK.  Please help me soon.   addition information :   Phone : Galaxy S5 Prime, android wear lastest version Watch : Moto 360 gen 1, massmellow 6.0 version.
In old versions weather info is correct and now is wrong.
This is my favorite watch face for my Moto 360 1st gen.  Nice appearance, easy to see, good interactive features.
Not enough color options and it doesn't scale up on the new Moto 360 v2, so it's small and shrunk looking .
the face looks very nice
Very excellent
fun colourful watch faces, at a fair price.
I didn't know Bubble Cloud Launcher was capable of all this!
Fun!
Update. I eventually got it working and it's fantastic.  Great watch face.
Awesome watch face!
The interactive area not easily click to activate otherwise I give 5 stars
Fonts are too small to read.
Good
I no can do. No open for me. Some fell n9t good.
Looks good easy to read at a glance
Wow
I like the watch faces.
A+++👊
Lots of info on face, text can be small, but the best part is that it stays on at low power mode so you can still see time and date and number of messages pending without turning the watch so the way on.
Digital information is a bit small for old eyes ☺️
Great face for my watch. It matches perfectly with the kind of style I want to customize my watch to.
Had to buy it on both my watch and phone. Still worth paying double for.
dig it, simple to use thinking about upgrading
I really like the watch face.
Great
Bought the premium and it was good on my previous phone, but now I've downloaded it to my new phone I have to purchase the premium again... That can't be right.
Beautiful watch face and even the free version has a lot of customization options. Love your work bro, so I bought this. Will buy more watch faces. Keep up the awesome work.  I like you style of in app payment.
Love it so I use it all the time ⏲️😁
Looks great and has the information I need. I highly recommend!
Won't work..
Best Smartwatch Face So far
Set walpaper
Looks good...
Bought premium, then had to install on my watch..only basic version on watch and wants me to buy premium again..totally useless.
Love the customization options of this watch face. Thoroughly recommended.
Great watch face! It's my goto watch face when I fancy a change from my favourite!! (Premium)
Best with premium
This watch face is simply amazing! I got the premium version for my LG Urbane and it is, without a doubt, the only watch face I use now. Absolutely amazing job on this. The level of customization is astounding!
Best one I've seen so far,works good.
Great watch face for my LG Watch Urbane!
Very nice watchface.
Does not work with gear 3. Disappointed paid for premium but did not work.
P.O.S. app that has NO instructions on how to use with Gear S3 and asks for money!  Immediately uninstalled it!
I love this face!!
Ok
Good app
Cool
My favorite watch face!!  It provides the information you need and the customization you want! I especially love the ambient mode options and the overall appearance!  Oh, and the developer is responsive and helpful!
Wont let me put it on my watch
Very simple to use. Beautiful background. Nice color schemes. Works very well.
Too many ads between trying to load. I gave up, it pissed me off
Very nice watch face
Is nice...
Looks great
Most realistic and clean looking watch face...  My daily face
After finally figuring out how to change the different watch face colours using the android wear app, it actually doesn't look bad on my Moto 360, very nice vibrant colours, and liking the way it looks as a whole on my wear watch! Only gripe I have, is that I can't change the shape of the watch hands, and the outer numbers around the clock, but other than that its looking rather good!
The watches are OK. Good on battery good readability. But ok on watch face. I would like to see the second hand represent the bird or pig character on the end of the second hand to give the illusion that the bird is flying like the game. Or a star wars version. You have room to improve.
OK. So it works now. However, how does the "angry meter" work? And I really want to see the birds more often. What is the trigger for getting them to fly across the screen? More than a month with no updates or feedback.
This is very awesome to see a very acclaimed company like Rovio making a watch face or really several of them for Wear. It does have some kind of quirk about changing the different birds but it just took a couple of things to get it on whichever one I wanted. It's really polished looking down to the little details. I'm not sure if the anger meter is anything but random so it would be nice to have it hooked into something like heart rate or battery level. Nice to see the big boys making a free watch face!
Install watch face. Ensure that it's installed on your phone by going to installed apps and verifying that you can uninstall it. Then go to Android Wear ensure that your watch is linked to your phone then review notifications on watch. review up to where Angry Birds watch face is shown as installed then tap and then it will be part of your selection of watch faces on the watch and on the phone
love it so far but it seems stuck on the red watch face?  also, sometimes i get the flying bird animation, but i don't know what causes it.  would like to see it more often, but don't know what causes it.  i have it set to random faces, but only see the red face.
What would make this very functional is if you could link the anger meter to heartbeat. And maybe change the appearance of the birds to appear on the hour
FOR THOSE WHO CANNOT CHANGE COLOUR       Just open android wear click on angry birds aviator a setting button will appear click on it and choose the colour
Does not show up on my screen SPECIFICALLY DESINGED FOR MY DEVICE. Rovio,I like angry birds and I'm loving your games but just try and stick to them and not cruddy watch faces . sorry for any troubles, please reply and try and fix this. strange how nobody else in the reviews I read a couple minutes ago are dissatisfied. Meh. My device is bsted up so its probably okay. Watevs.
The face itself is nice, but the animations are improperly cropped and centered on the Huawei Watch.  Sadly since this hasn't been updated in a year I doubt that will change.
I love angry birds and I love the watch face. I actually found about Android wear from this and then bought a watch just so I could use it. I found out about other features of the watch later.
I expected this to be cheesy, but it's actually a very practical and understated watch face (except for the occasional Angry Bird that flies by).
the watch face, as is, is very nicely done. Would be nice if I could change the time that anger builds or even the time interval between outbursts.
This would be a great watch face if the watch faces actually changed when set but instead it only displays the red one. No updates or responses from the creator either!
I love this product for one reason and one reason only and that is because it's Angry Birds. Other than that it's a pretty good watch face!
Despite picking other colors, only the red face persists.
Rovio can you help me? I don't know how to put it
I tried  it  and it wouldn't  show  up  on  my  tablet  and I  couldn't  open  the  app!
I like these watch faces. You can change to use all the colours by using the android wear app on your phone. Great to have a watch face to match my Angry Birds t-shirt.
This does not work because I can't find it
I like it I cannot get on I need help.
This is delightful and light hearted.  Kudos to the programmer.  I now have a watch face to go with whatever color I wear.
How can I use it?
I cant see anything on my screen phone.
It doesn't work on moto360!😠waht should i do?
It doesn't seem to work I can't see it on my screen
V V c CFC in ft tng
How to open it ?
It doesn't work in my tablet
For such a simple watch face it has terrible battery life. Uninstalled.
Good
Can anyone tell me how to activate it please if any one know so tell me please or rovio if you know tell me reply me rovio if you tell me I will give you 5 stars
But when i download it it was fully download but when i check it  i find every where but there is no angry birds watch
Doesn't work with my Ticwatch 2
it would be cool if they added the black watch face but its only the red watch face, the black face and i will give it 5 stars
It doesn't even show so im gonna uninstall it in 5 4 3 2 1 and now
I don't understand how it works? !😧😧😂😂
Not even showing the icon on my OPPO NEO 7 after downloading and installing
Well done!
I have download this app but the app is gone from my screen😤😠
Galaxy Gear S3 Frontier.  They really need to fix the syncing issue after the Tizen 3.0 update.  I have to uninstall and reinstall both the app and companion app everytime in order to get sync to work. Nothing else suggested works for me. And then it only works once.    If they fix this then it's a 5 star review.
This app has the BEST watch faces but they keep kicking me out of my Gear S3! This is a PAIN when the face goes back to one of the Galaxy faces! Thanks for the response, however it still kicks me back to the Samsung face. I'll upgrade the score because there are some GREAT faces but I would LIKE to USE them for extended time.
The faces are awesome... i love the Swiss like sweeping hands but with my gear s3 4g I CAN'T use it.... Anytime i type with the watch the watch face resets to facer logo and freezes up... Am i the ONLY ONE??
+Very beautiful watchfaces. -The favorite section is only showes the last  250 favorited watches. -The shuffle mode is not working properly for the favorites section. -The Report an issue menuitem has removed from the Settings menu.
Ads interfere with installing watch faces, even those I've paid for. App frequently freezes and has to be restarted. Needs work.
Awesome app. I have never had  more fun changing watch faces! Huge selection of free faces and the paid ones are cheap and worth it.
Used to work fine .. now it's rubbish and don't load any faces to the watch. Gear 3 ..still not fixed  been rubbish for months on gear s3 please fix or I'm deleting it as it useless and don't work it's been updated and still the same
Can't rate watchfaces, no full-color ambient mode, doesn't vibrate hourly, must return to menu to go to next watchface, often doesn't vibrate when syncing watchfaces, poor business model/practices (paid for this, now it's free, no refund, rejected by Google, original dev, and current dev), spams you with unsolicited e-mails and notifications, and watchfaces often constantly blink indefinitely. Update 1: deducted 1 star because it lost all my watchfaces, can't re-import them, and support apparently is clueless and just ignores you.
All of the temp's on any weather watch face are off 8° to 10° wish for more outdoor watch faces.
The recent update is horrible for Samsung S3. Weather information just doesn't update.
This used to be cool. Now I can't sync any faces with my Gear S3.
Paid for Facet Plus and still get adds with press to continue when clicking to view a watch face. Also, Plus does not grant you access to more watch faces. Not worth the 3.99.
They don't answer emails and charge u 3.99 for absolutely nothing in return.
Unable to use this app as when I try to download the companion app for my watch (Samsung gear 2), it says it is unavailable in the store.
Not sure why I have to have ads. I spend a small fortune on watch faces. The app should get its revenue there. If I decide to not use facer, I also wouldn't be buying the faces so they lose twice.
Love the customisation and selection of faces but 1) the app is buggy and 2) my watch's battery is drained when displaying facer faces (incl. energy saving ones).
I paid for this app thinking I would be able to get watch faces easily, however I can't upload this Mickey Mouse face for some reason! 😢
Weather temperature not showing up on Samsung Gear S3 since latest update.
Awsome look...nice display..work well with Android with fossil founder
I just started using it so far I love it!!
It's best face app of Android watch.
Works great with my Huawei Watch 2.
Nice app.many faces used on my wacth.
Thanks
Best there is !!!!
I loved this app until you tried to force me to pay $3.99 for a lifetime membership or I can't even use the app at all bec the adds won't let it happen. Thanks fir ruining an awsome thing. I'll be going to the next great free watch app and appreciate ppls art and marketing there instead. 🖓
I have the Samsung Gear S3 Frontier watch and nothing shows up, outside of the time. Location, phone battery, and weather AREN'T working. I have uninstalled the app, reset my watch, turned my location and Bluetooth on and off and it still isn't working.
Where is a my purchases section?? Bought a starter pack and now I have to sift through 1000s of watch faces to find what I have bought? EDIT: I found the section. I'd probably move it to a better place. Added a star.
Loved up till Sunday since Sunday I have not been able to upload any new watch faces. I've restarted and resync my watch and phone please fix
Really like the watch face selection, but the weather portion doesn't work on the faces I have and the download button for the free faces is always red.
Looks good, easy to use, but drains my watch battery far too fast.  Before Facer, my watch lasted from 0700 to midnight.  After Facer, my battery is dead at 1800.  Uninstalling.
It won't sync with weather on a Galaxy Gear 3 Frontier I tried everything turn off Bluetooth and resetting the phone and watch and it still doesn't sync
Looks nice and I believe it be a great app but anytime a click on something it crashes had to delete it
Buggy, unreliable, not worth the money to upgrade.
Facer on Galaxy store still not updated to version 4.2.7?
used until 3 days ago but now it is not working.No watch face can be installed
Way too many ads.
Really nice faces, but huge battery killer
Dopest app to get aftermarket watch faces for hands down!
Will there be support for Samsung's newest watches?
I can't find the widget on zooper:/
Looks just like the pipboy 3000 and its on my watch!
It's not good. You're better off making one on your own.
This app works on my Samsung Gear s2 Tizen OS! There's a start off being able to combine android wear with Samsung gear smartwatches!
Didn't connect to my LG watch. Never heard back from support.
Unique style watch face. Happy with it.
updates are so buggy
Literally doesn't do anything for me. It only shows one plain watchface and doesn't show what I select, it doesn't change or announce the time or anything else it's supposed to do.
It doesn't really work
I would definitely give it a 5, and will, except their digital watch leaves a bit to be desired. I prefer digital, as watch hands are not always easy to see in a fast paced work environment. I love that you can change the font and time position, however, I wish you could change the color of the writing, as white doesn't show on all faces. Additionally wish you could change font size to bigger or smaller. Also, top and bottom positioning are VERY top and bottom, which doesn't look great on a round face watch.
Great app for my smart watch. Only one thing stops me from giving a 5. It uses wifi only to transfer watch faces automatically. I would expect it to switch to Bluetooth when no wifi but instead the watch faces just stop changing until I get a wifi signal again. This should be fixed. There's no reason not to use Bluetooth.
Very basic. I had problems tranfering watchfaces to my watch, was not worth the effort. Now uninstalled, there are alot better watch face apps out there.
Not sure how to use this app seems to be my problem. Once it downloads it just sticks to 1 of the many themes. It doesn't download all of them. So I'm not sure if this is the apps fault or I'm not doing something right.
I used to use this app to change the background of my michael kors Bradshaw watch and now that I upgraded to the Samsung 8 it doesn't work anymore. I loved this app
Need more options that do things. Ads are annoying but not bad if u move fast . the only reason i got this was the permissions .
How should i connect this app to my smart watch noiseloop??? I am unable to connect it
I am unable to use watch faces on my dz09, kindly help..   Ill rate it accordingly if it work for me..
there's only one watch face  Edit: I stand corrected. My apologies!
Not happy with this app downloaded as it says 1000 faces to choose from mine seem to  be stuck on just 1 face I'm not sure how to change from that 1 face to choose another. I read i review from another user who had similar issue, a solution  was suggested I've tried that unfortunately I can't find companion on my Android device
Can't figure out how to get the designed watch face to transfer to from my phone to the watch.  Bummer. I liked all the options.
LOVE this app!  It's exactly what I was looking for!  Others have mentioned seeing lots of ads, but that hasn't been my experience at all.  The watch faces are beautiful, bright and colorful, with lots of categories to choose from. I noticed in the update that we now have the ability to add other functions to the watch face, like battery level, weather, etc., but I haven't been able to figure out how to do that.   Otherwise,, the app is perfect for me, my ZenWatch 3 smart watch and my OnePlus 3 smart phone! Thanks!  Update:  I emailed the app developer and got an answer right away, on how to add the additional functions to my watch face.  It only works with Android Wear 2.0, which I have.  (Swipe left to see watch faces, when you see 1000+ Watch Face, there is a gear icon at bottom.  Press this and you'll see a preview of watch face with two + signs.  Press each on and select option you want for that icon from the list.)  BINGO!  It works!  Perfect app for my needs!  Highly recommend!
Awful app. They game me 3 ads in one minute
We cannot download these faces, which means we cannot use it for our watches. I don't know the real purpose of this app. How to use this faces for our watches.?
I can't find the options for adding steps, battery level etc. Without those options this app is basically one watchface with 1000 backgrounds! I have Wear 2.0. Help?!
I had so many favorites I couldn't fit all of them in my favorites,which is good and bad
It is not working with Moto360 2nd gen.... Very disappointing
only shows and lets me use one background
This app does what it says. It changes the watch face. There are so many awesome options too.
The app changes the face at a whim.
It wasn't going to my smart watch
nice watch faces. would be nice if you could add more fixtures to it
Brilliant so many faces to choose from, the only way it could be improved would be the ability the change the watch hands colour
Just an ugly selection of boring watches
Way too many ads!
Great watch faces and for free too.
Doesn't work. At all.
Please let us use our own gallery wallpaper then i will give 5 star
I had no instructions on how to get the faces to the watch.
The app has one thousand watch faces
Can only access 2 watch faces
Used to really like this app but it doesn't work with Fossil q anymore
Free watch screens that work!
I don't how to setup on my device?
How do I transfer the watch faces to my dz09 smart watch
A great app with loads of great watch faces selection! Love it
A little basic. Only 2 spots to add extra info.
Couldn't get to install on my Gear Live. Wasted money & time.
I love the sophisticated design and the orange colour scheme is my favourite.  Great work, I love it!
Love the watch face, bought moon phase pro but it's not showing like in the photos. Can you help?
Very good design and functionality. I wish I could choose the colors and not have presets only. On that point, please add a gray version so the ambient watch can be all B&W
Steps counter at the bottom does not work on Huawei W1, shame because nice looking watch face
Can not load on gear!!
Won't install to watch.....might be cool.  Just don't know.   Huawai watch.
Maybe one day I will remove this face from my watch... But it's just too fantastic.
The watch face is beautiful but every time I tell it not to notify me when a new watch faces out, the setting turns itself back on and I'm constantly getting notifications. Until this issue is fixed I can't change my rating.
OK I bought this because I liked how it look and most of the watch faces I buy is from this developer as his designs is always great. One thing disappointed me with this watch face and hence the 3 star rating is the steps counter. It doesn't work or I have to connect my phone to the watch. Most other faces have the ability to use the watch step counter so you don't need to carry the phone or have Google fit connected by Bluetooth. Until this is fixed/added then I will give this 5 stars.
4/5 stars for this one. It's a really good face, but I'd like the option of having a second hand rather than the colour sweep and I'd like seconds on the digital time. Brightness control on ambient mode would be handy too. Overall it's quite good. First new face in 12 months that I paid for premium and have stuck with. Good work.
Sucks can't do a single thing with it. People also it really is not called a face, it is a dial. Can't trust an app that can't get the right name to just one main part to a watch. What else do they have wrong? Don't know can't get in
Can't seem to get weather at my location.  So far purchased the payed version, but could not get it on my watch (Huawei).  Added it on my watch - pain.  Can't get google fit.  Says sign in to google, shows my google account and then just locks "sign in to google" pain.  Finally got step count to work and weather might be ok.  Changed my review from 2 star to 4 star - i actually like the look and layout so long as the data are accurate.
Awesome freaking watch face. Finally found one that has everything I was looking for. I ended up paying the 1.49 for the premium version and it makes it even better
Was working then stopped. Uninstalled and reinstalled, same problem. Compass didn't work either.
I paid for this watch face to put on my Gear and it won't work on it.
As always a beauty. Any chance you could add a Red second hand as an option. I just prefer a second hand on my watches. Looking forward to your next one
Great watchface and the developer got back to my review quickly.
Very nice looking face, had issue with step counter and dev suggested reinstall. Now working perfectly, very happy, thank you :-)
Nice layout and features but fails to properly update weather.  No reason for leading zero at 1 o'clock.
I installed it and upgraded to premium but it is not appearing on app store, I have Moro 360 2nd gen. Pliz help....
I can't find watch on Android phone
Does not work can not sync Zen watch2 waste of money
Bought the premium version and able to set it on motorway 360 watch .
Won't let me change time zone, not good.
Best face design so far for me.
Nice watch face
Love it
After my first try at downloading, the app didn't work. I wrote a negative review and the app owner contacted me almost immediately and informed me to go to the app store in my watch and download it from my watch. The app worked! It's a beautiful time piece with inspirational customer service!
Managed to get watch face to show in Google Store on my watch - KG Urban - but unable to get it to show as a selectable watch face on my watch. I have purchased the premium version but to date it is unusable.  Update. Received response to my original rant above and advised to load from Google Playstore on the watch. I had already tried this but thought I'd give it another go... Surprise, phone face was sitting in my watch face selection.  Pleased with my purchase. Give your watch time to find and recognise new face.
Excellent watch face. You always do great work! Any chance to be able to change the complications on the ambiant display.. Would prefer weather over battery percentage
I can't download this watch face after paying for it. This is unfair!!
It is a nice face but I can't get the colour to change. I have reinstall it but no joy
It's not working on my watch
dont know how to apply to my watch.. bad interface
This is my favorite watch face desinger. Great faces with great functionality.
Great watch face
(Originally thought it had battery issues but tried again later and have had no problems since - apologies to devs). Both normal and ambient look great, and the ambient-to-normal animation is eye catching. Only minor issue: On the Huawei, the normal-to-ambient transition doesn't always work in always-on mode (eg it will go black for several minutes or stay in a dimmed version of normal).
I paid for it and kinda wish I hadn't. I can't customize the engraving or message as advertised. It keeps telling me to get the basic which I have the only one they offer. So I keep seeing pics of strangers. Image is also  blurry and time hard to see.
I really like the look but I can't get it to install from Google play.  Play has been stuck on Installing for a couple of days now.  I'm sure I'll love it if it will ever install. - UPDATE - Finally installed and is fantastic.
I thought when this was made into a square watchface either the corners would be filled in or dial would have been squared. Not the the display would be cropped into squareness. Looks a bit unfinished now. Dev no longer listens.
I just installed it yesterday my watch was @ 100% @ 7 a.m. by 9:45 a.m. i was already @ 23% battery life. Does it drain out that much battery. It does look nice but if that's  a problem then I'll uninstall it
This is one of the better looking watchfaces out there. With the android 5.1.1 update,  there was a slight alignment problem that was very quickly fixed. This is actually one of the watchfaces I use when showing off the moto360.
Hello Still no fix for dim mode...... Would love to have a setting to turn off dim mode, with the new dim mode setting on Wear some watch faces (such as this one) will flash a dim mode even with always on turned off.. it's very annoying. Please add a setting to turn off dim mode in your watch face.
I have most of Duel Boot's live wallpapers so I was surprised and pleased to find this watch face. Can't wait to see what they come up with next after the android wear 1.3 update.
Guess I should have figured its not ready for the gear when it didnt show up on the app list.  Love dualboot software so ... when will it be ready for the Gear?
Tried downloading twice.  Get confirmation of installation, but app never appears.  Feeling ripped off.
I guess I purchased this app but It was not clear at all that this is for watches only at the time.
I have tried to install this app several times but it does not download fully. It appears to go through the process but it does not allow me to open the app in the Google app store and it does not appear on my home screen on my phone.
Down loaded without a icon. After download no way to open app. Read after paying that this isn't live wallpaper just a Android watch app. And this should have been advertised as such and not buried in the description!
It's a very nice face. I like the 3D animations. The changing colors by time of day is a nice idea, but it would be better if I could choose the color I like and leave it that way.
Wish it worked for gear s..bouggt it a long time ago when I had a motorcycle 360, later on got a gear S not able to use this, kinda feel like I spend money for nothing :/ since I can't really use it
Very misleading Wont work on the new galaxy s7 it's for a watch
Great on battery on my Moto 360...and the first 3D watch face I've seen.  Animation and customizations are a nice touch as well!
It only gives the option to refund my purchase after it has been installed, please either make it work or refund my money.
Says its installed but got nothing
It wont show anywhere on my phone it says its installed but can not find it in apps or screens anywhere
Would look better on Sony Smartwatch 3 without the square border line around the outside of the screen.
I downloaded it, but it doesn't show up in my list of wallpapers so I can't use it and I can't get a refund.
Disappointed, won't download.
The app is not opening on my galaxy s8
3D graphic is not clear, its a bit blurry.
It's 3D, it's animated, it's just really cool looking!  It gets attention
Would like to be able to crop photo before putting picture in!
Would be 5 Stars, it needs a battery indicator, then 5 Stars.
Very nice very nicest
Nice
Lg g watch. Amazing. People have asked about it. Worth the buck definitely. I very rarely buy watch faces but you've won me over. I don't like the ambient mode to much only because i can't choose the color. Still worth the buy.  Edit. Uses way to much battery. 10 percent in 45 minutes?. What I experienced with the watch was nice. Not for me pretty though. Excellent customer service
At one time, it would show as an option in Wear one out of ten times. Now, it never, ever shows up. Watchmaker solved their problem with this. The Skymaster face always works. Check out their code(s) and release an update. Jeez.
It's a very nice face. But it does use battery . now I am not saying its a kill your battery quick . my watch does last all day still but at end of day its like 20% instead of 55%
Great work! The new square version looks amazing on my LG G Watch! The ambient mode is also much improved and looks awesome now! Best watch face by far! This company also makes the BEST 3D phone backgrounds too! Keep up the great work DualBoot!!
Not one of my favorites. A little fuzzy and unclear. Needs work.
The movement and floating effects are cool.  Hope to see a little more development for the square watches.  Had some syncing issues with my Gear Live but their support team was very helpful.
ATTENTION DEVS!  I was initially very excited about this face, and the possibility of  featuring my lovely girlfriend on my LG G watch.  Unfortunately a couple of aspects of the watch face were cheesy and off-putting, so I would like to make these suggestions to the devs:  1. Do away with the shimmering white edge on the square watch face. It looks like pixels are broken, and that edge grabs my attention every time I turn the watch on.  It also makes a harsh border that keeps the watch face from visually blending into the bezel.  2. Do away with the wavy 3d effect (or allow the user to turn it off) of the watch face.  3. Allow the user to choose the option of inserting a photo into the "standard" watch face.  The secondary "engraved" watch face looks like poo, and is difficult to tell time on.  4. Allowing the option of inserting a small digital clock or battery meter into the top of the watch would be handy (handy...watch joke, get it?).  I refer to my watch so many times a day, reading an analog face is a bit slow.  I eagerly await a slightly improved version, and will definitely rebuy it!  If a dev replies as having seen this review I'll change the review to 5 stars.
This works and looks perfect on my square face G3 watch. Ambient mode looks like something from Tron very cool. The 3D face looks amazing people that see it just go wow! Perfect thanks!
This is by far the best looking watch face on Google Play!! Even though it has flashy graphics and animations it doesn't drain more battery than usual on my Moto 360. :o
...except, the ambient mode doesn't show cards. All my other faces do and my watch defaults to ambient mode for battery savings. Hopefully an option for that can be added soon...
Very disappointed, give all permissions and watch face crashes always. Not recommend to anybody. Don't buy is a waste of your money.
Awesome watch face.After difficulties with installation it works perfectly on Casio WSD-F20...UPDATE: experiencing the same issues as Anirban.No data sync for 2 weeks.Watch face is still installed but disappeared invisible and no access...
EDITED: Moto 360 v2. This is my current favourite watch face but is let down by higher than expected battery use compared to similar faces. Device has provided some settings tweaks to improve things but is still below expectations. I love this face but I wish it just worked a bit better. Keep up the great work.
Great work. Keep it up!!  1. The mobile app is beginning to stop randomly. This affects the data sync with the wAtch face on my Smartwatch3. Mobile OS: 7.0 Nougat, mobile Z5 PD.  Can you stabilize the mobile app?  2. Request to add the "weather" as a widget option on the watch face along with steps and 2nd time zone.
Awesome
Beautiful
Oct 2017 Review.  Perfect for what I want. very customizable.  Can have many options for ambient display..  colors and complications.  Only wish i could display more info with digital clock..  but best overall option by far! ** request ** ability to add custom color chooser ?
This is a really good watch face. I just have one question about burn in protection for OLED watches. I am not sure if I can see the watch face shifting around by a couple of pixels or not. Can you help?
Excellent face. Very clean design, with a good range of options and low levels of battery consumption.
Excellent product. Very user friendly. Options all useful. Thanks!
Best watch face have ever used. Have been using watch faces for last 2 years, at last found a watch face which is simple, light and powerful. Thus gives more battery life with all useful features and compilations.  Like the following features the most: 1) calendar in the custom compilation. 2) 13-24 marker  3) digital clock, with actual digital font and color  Great job !
Really like the simplicity of watchface. I would like a choice to show notifications at the bottom along with the number of notifications that haven't been cleared.
Just the ticket! Made some comments and suggestions to author, and all was fixed / implemented very quickly.
Great watch face and awesome update. Thanks
Great looking face by Peppy!
Nice art face!
Keep up the hard work 👍
Quality is bad on my 360. It's not even closed to being aligned correctly. The to of the face shows up half way down my moto. Not good. Does not even look good either.
Good
Looks great
I like the color schemes too
The wast of money it's simple and no more colour sating
What is it about this particular watchface that (apparently) requires the flicker from black and white to the actual (cool looking) watch face. I have a bunch of watchfaces from this dev and they don't do this. Just this one and one other one, the A41 for Moto 360 watchface. Considering a person mostly only looks at their watch for a fraction of a second, the actual non b&w version rarely gets seen.
Don't like that it turns black and white when going to sleep.
Great face
It's got some nice colors but it doesn't let you customize the colors of different parts of your display much as I would like it to.
I just bought your F01 watchable and it comes with enable drawing for ambient mode setting. Can you enable this setting on this watchface.  Thanks
I didn't get a response email about the fact that it flickers from black and white to color every time it goes on and off. This is unfortunate and looks cheap when you are trying to show off your watch. Hope it gets a fix
Much better on battery now!  Great watch faces!
Moto 360 black bar cuts off circle. Since the 360 is the only round wear device at this time this should be redesigned to accommodate.
Good looking watch face but no 24hr format is a deal breaker for me.  I see you have the option on most of your other faces.  Any chance you can add it here too?
Nice color but, can't really read the time if there is a message, would like the ability to move the layout a little.
Looks nice.  But battery life drains very quickly.  From 100% to 50% in almost 2hrs
I would like the ability to disable the dimmed mode, as I always disable ambient mode. Otherwise, fantastic.
Great watch face,  very easy to read at a glance.   5*
I love this face, shows all the information I want at all times. My only two issues is the "%" symbol is the wrong font/size and doesn't render correctly and you can't change the orange color (as far as I can tell). Other than those two things it's awesome!
This face is one of the nicest digital ones I've seen, however, battery life suffers greatly. I had the watch off the charger for half a day and it only dropped to 78%. Once I put this face on it the battery dipped all the way to 47% in a matter of 2 hours.
Its a cool watch face but the battery is destroyed!
Love the watch face but it shows the dimmed face before it shows the normal face every time I wake it up. Even if I have dim mode off.
I want a refund, never been able to use it ever!!!
It didn't show up before the update but now it shows up on my watch as a choice.  I've been looking for a digital face with step count and this one is fantastic!
Thanks to the developers who reached out to me about my concerns about it not working. It works now and it looks great on my watch. Thank you!!!!!!
This is exactly what I wanted! A simple watch face with the digital time and a step count! The circle effect is very appealing, and I love how they move around as you tilt the watch.
I downloaded  and installed it but it doesn't open ..i don't know what's the problem i can't find it on my cell phone.
Classy, and fun.  But what is that screen that covers the face and says 10,000 steps, (not actually my step count) and how do I go back to the regular face?
Simple, light weight and animated watch face #⌚
Simple, neat, and does exactly what it says on the tin. Can't fault it.
Cool and original.  A better visualization of activity than the usual arc.
I use to love it...not working for my Moto 360 anymore
Drained my battery super fast.
Love it.
Coubertin Rings looks awesome and seems to work well, with smooth, lag-free animation. I found Coubertin Rings to be easy to read in virtually all levels of lighting, and the watchface appears to be well optimized, as battery usage seems to be minimal. Very nice indeed...
Really loved this because it's so much fun to see the rings and colors develop the more I walk, but it's stopped resetting itself every day now.I have to select another watch face in the morning and then change it back to reset the steps to zero.. I'm still using it, but I wish it would just reset in the morning like it used to. Need an update/fix.
Works now! Pretty nice watch face. definitely unique.   -  Moto 360.
A nice watch face to show off your watch. Ambient mode was a pleasant surprise.
Great fun for walking.
Looks like a nice, idea but doesn't work. The steps remain at zero (works with other watch faces) so no rings show. In effect it remains as an off center digital watch. Hopefully yo can get it working (One Plus One and Samsung Gear Live)
Nice, but recently stopped staying in sync with what the watch was counting. Watch said I did 7,000 steps... face says 101. Moto 360 and Note 4 running stock 5.1.1
Cool concept, but the step counter doesn't seem to work with my LG G Watch R.
Took a while to start tracking. Started as I was uninstalling, haha. Moto 360 & OPO.
It's not working well in LG G Watch
No rings display on LG G Watch
Would love it on my apple watch too!
Needs more options: no date, and can't change settings on Moto 360.
I love all of your watch faces.  They show attention to detail for both the main and ambient faces and are the most battery efficient faces I have found.  Excellent work!
Cannot change faces on Gear S2.
Stopped working after a couple of days "unfortunately caster has stopped" error msg all the time, I want my money back!!!
Nowhere on the app where it tells you how to apply it for use on your Gear2. Waist of money! Avoid!
Well designed but constantly crashes,please fix!
The face is beautiful but the low battery mode is not simply black and white hands (which would be ideal) it is like a glitched version of the face with partial nameplate, minutemarks and gears in blue and white plus the hands. Just make low power mode crisp white hands on a black face guys!
Just downloaded the face not sure how it works 3 stars for now, but I'm a hand engraver, and I'm going to hook this watch up free feel to check out my website and follow along Instagram or facebook to see this baby when it's done, so this face should fit perfectly GunEngraver.    dot.   com
Will give 5 stars after update. Please update it no longer works!  .update. dev updated face to work with android 5! So awesome! Thank you! I would love to see color options with this face. Red blue black green gold etc.
Dev has updated the watch face and now it works with the new version of Android Wear. Excellent and fast support. GREAT JOB!
So let me check it out.  There are a few gears that move in sync with appropriate time unlike other watchfaces that do not. So that's a plus..
Runs great after last update and looks great too!
Its beautiful, but after recent updates for the Moto 360, it no longer works. Please update as this was my FAVORITE watch face
I liked it lots, developer pls update app as it ceased to work on new wear version.
Neat!!!
We have a Jeep that is lifted with huge tires that has caused the odo to be off. I was using my smart phone to see the speed usually when a police car was behind us. Now, Using this face on my Moto is just a flick of the wrist to make sure we are in compliance. This face has saved our butts a ticket! Thanks :)
very nice design but speed doesn't work with Urbane 2nd Edition. It is weird that the speed app is not linked to the watch face. I see interactive faces with other watch faces. I would replace the number "6" with something fun like 99 so it is obvious it is not live ... well maybe for you slow pokes out there ;) Here is an idea. It would be cool that if it was designed that if you touch the speed area it would activate the speed and keep the screen live until it is touched again
A great if cluttered face. If you like exactly what you see, go for it. Want any customization? Want to turn some stuff off? 2 bux please. Integration with a phone-based speedometer is a cool idea, though. Kudos to the author!
Nice watch face. But being a speedometer app,  it lacks a very crucial feature. There is no option to change the speed units from mph to km/h
Beautiful, but it crashes a lot for me. The speedometer is for show only, the functionality is activates with purchase of the full version. I would give it 5 stars if it didn't crash.
Not that bothered by the speedo. I just like the watch face. Smart and sophisticated. When in standby mode it still looks similar and nice instead if changing the look completely to something basic and ugly!
I can't get out to show km/h only mph.... No good for the rest of the world....
It looks good but the speedometer didn't work for me until I bought the pro version which I find redundant for a trial app.
Great watch face. So many to try out and not enough time, but have come back to this one every time. Lot of thought put into it to make a lot of info available on main screen! I like the battery bar going to red when getting low to get my attention to top off the charge, one of the few that does that. Keep up the great work!
Always come back to this face.   Nothing looks anything close to as good on my LG.
Works great!!! Speed dial stopped working in truck, been using app on phone, but this on my wrist is much better! Highly recommend. Later, Larry.                                   (ps- that smooth moving second hand is, well, SMOOTH!)
Won't let me personalise anything and no matter what I try the speedo won't work.
Killed my phone battery in no time, uninstalled it.
Looks great on the Moto, but app makers need to stop the repeated request for a review, even after its been done.
I also think it would be nice to be able to loose the speedometer when it's not engaged. Either way I like it. But if you could option for the speedometer to disappear it would look more sophisticated witch could be quite nice.
It is a bad clock. When I installed it it didn't can on my apps! Hhmmmmm! Its solo bad plz don't install it for god sake
I have been using the free version and it is by far the best screen I have used it gives me all the info I need and still keep my look
Honestly the only thing I like about this watch face is that shows me how much battery is left on my phone
I mean an option that also shows the blackish grey background and the seconds hand(of course it would be frozen)
my gear live has never looked so good. great work developer!
Dont care bout the speedometer... wish it was not there, otherwise best watchface i have come across
Great looking face but the speedometer doesn't work.
This is a great looking chronograph that WORKS, looks at home on a square faced watch. I really like it.
Should work on all android devices!
My one and only face for the first couple months... Because nothing else has looked better.
Very clear view at watch face, useful features, elegant-looking,  I am really yazzed with it.  Try it yourself.   Highly recommended
It doesn't work, then it nags you.
Could someone help me. I just don't know how to use it on my Sony SmartWatch 2.if someone would know pls reply
It has every thing I need in Watch.
this like app dog cat and etc
Would give it a 5 star except it murders your battery.
Clear face, gives new personality to watch. Like seeing charge level clearly. Have yet to try speed fldial
When I tap the screen i get no menu for speedometer. Nothing happens on  Huawei W1 android wear watch.
Although I can't get the speed to work
Its OK the speedo don't work.
Una de las mejores caratulas para moto 360
Good app. Speed is fairly accurate. Appears to use alot of battery
After I download it I cant find it
Awesome watch face. For now, doesn't make me wanna change it to any other watch face
Downloaded on my turbo2 for my Moto 360, cannot use on my watch. It's not in the watch face menu.
Nice one. Keep it coming.
Awesome. Looks real.
Nice one.
Awesome loved it...
Loved it.
I'm not so impressed about it. If I wanted to know other Gmail app I would have stayed with them. The only thing upsetting is I can't get this thing out of my tablet! Every time I go to set up another email app this thing keeps on coming up like a virus! I'm very upset with this! Now all I have to do is my homework, and then I can get rid of this silly app once and for all! I don't advise using this!
They've made a big mistake with the latest update!! They've changed it to group by time (days, months), and it has ruined it!! No option to turn it off either. Please give and option to turn it off! Means my inbox is much bigger (and less manageable)  than before. Hate it! Considering moving onto another app.
App will sync your emails sometimes only after restarting it. It will never let me download attachments and most of the time sent emails will just sit in the outbox without sending. Almost useless.
Had problems with this app initially but it is still lacking one major piece.  Tasks should be integrated with this app!!  Its disappointing to not have this tool integrated to work on the fly.
Often will not sync the inbox, even after pulling down, just loads forever. No calendar month view. Can't sync calendar with Android system as old app allowed. Calendar colors completely unstable and do not match OWA, W10 Mail app or Outlook. Can't select folders to sync, can't select amount of mail to sync. Inbox is slow to update or does not update when notifications for new mail display, therefore you can not read the new mail. No Group calendar support.
No search in calendar, no email count notification on icon, contact view needs a right edge abcdef.... for faster scrolling as the search of contacts is too slow.  Does integrate with Cortana.   Guess MS will get it right in a few more iterations.  Right now it is poor beta software.
It's good, so much better than type straight in the browser, easy to use, some people should be thankfull instead of coming to  say sh.. for things they don't pay.
Overall it's a more than good app. First problem I found with it is that it crashes the phone and causes it to restart when you use the search function and sift through emails.
Excellent app.  So one thing I would like to see added is the ability to have not just one of the parts of the application open but the others as well. I would like to be able, for example, to have separate instances of mail and people rather than just one or the other.
Now it works very badly with Gmail. Tried reinstalling no change. Need to use Gmail app in parallel. Simple to use. If the file manager could show thumbnails I could get rid of my drive apps.
Great free app. Easy to use. Easy to find emails with the new grouping of days, weeks etc. Would like the option to delete email folders from this app, even if they are deleted via desktop the app keeps them. Other that it's great!
Updated yesterday, now tons of old emails shoiw as unread. Tried to do a "Select all" and then "Mark as read", and they still show as new, unread messages. Need this function fixed since your "update/improvement" broke it.
Since last update,  hotmail display sender and subject title but not email body text. Maybe new outlook hotmail is not compatible with old android OS of tablet
Add the ability to delete emails within the notification bar without having to go into the email itself, only options are to archive??? At least have the option to change settings for the notification bar.
I would give this a 5 as it's been a core tool for my job for years. However, the most recent update no longer shows notifications of new email or calendar alerts. I only realised after missing a few important emails. I think I ugh it was my server settings but it's definitely the app. Please investigate.
The latest update is terrible, it now groups email by dates which makes the inbox far bigger than it should. I turn this off on my desktop view, why would I want it on my phone! At least give us the option to turn it off
This app cannot condense folders like Outlook 365 or regular Outlook can. A real pain if you work with a lot of sub-folders
SO hate the addition of displaying emails in time "groups". I don't use that on desktop Outlook and it's annoying here too.
No unread messages Badge on Androids... the only downfall on this email app.
The best mail app and well-integrated to Office 365 on PC. has every feature you could wish for. Can be tricky to set up multiple accounts but once done works perfectly. Excellent for business or individuals who like to be organized.
Fantastic, key component of the mobile business life, absolutely essential for staying in contact with family and business contacts on a constant basis. Speedy response to anything that demands attention now. With this mobile tool you have the ability to put out fires while you get to the big hardware and solve the  problem once and for all.
Works great, no issues. Maybe they could put the number of unread inbox messages on the icon, like Clock has the time, and Calendar has the date.
One of the most user friendly mail apps. The ease of access makes it one of better suited apps on android. Simple interface and high quality performance.
Not all mail are visible, mail search is not accurate, can't attach other mail, attachment process is too tidious.
Drains battery like crazy.  Didn't always but has for the past few weeks.  Had to uninstall.
Seems they added auto grouping, like last month, last week, etc... HATE that.. please provide option to turn this off
I don't understand why other than inbox folders are not giving notifications .. been checking manually ..
There's no access to attachments when a search is done. The paper clip show's up but no document access when the email is opened. URGENT REPAIR PLEASE. Still not fixed.
Solid email app. I prefer this to the Gmail app where too many legitimate emails go to the spam folder, or a promotional folder.
Often doesn't show email and/or calendar events, doesn't sync email and/or calendar events. Force close or even phone reboot required to fix the above. Does not integrate contacts with the dialer. Generally a very bad experience, unfortunately I have to deal with it for work.
Its outlook on mobile. Its pretty good and you can read, create and reply to emails.
Overall very happy. A bit of a learning curve for me but I do like it.
Why can't I delete a single email or sent email, instead of the whole email chain, or why can't I break up an email chain to keep the important parts in my inbox, if that can be done it would help me out immensely.
Great app, though sometimes it lists my teachers emails as others
Generally the app is good, organized a and up to date with my stuff, which I like
Ron Swanson review:  This is a good app. It works and isn't too intrusive. It lets me check my email. Thanks. (Now hopefully the app will stop asking me if I want to rate it.)
Worst experience evan i cant deactivate the app
It also partners with my older emailing version and places each under separate tabs.
Really appreciate this app. It is amazing and free. Love it!
Hi Team,  I am receiving a mail for Outlook security team that my account will be lock if I will not update.   Can u please help me out with your security team email I'd so that I can forward that mail
Looks great on my Sony SW3.  Offers a good level of customizability.
Wish I could get a refund. Its ok
Please change to the new logo
Need more pls
Haven't gotten any functionality.  Crashed every single time I tried to open it.
Looks great. But doesn't sync with Google fit or heart rate which I want. Can't even refund the purchase. What a joke of a watch face.
I liked it but it spams you notification bar until you go in and turn it off. Not cool.
I paid $ 2.99 now it's saying I didn't pay for it and it keeps changing on my watch nor impressed..
I use this watch face quite often, as it has a nice two-tone adjustable color, and helpful complications.
Double charged on both phone and watch, and the premium feature is not enabled on watch after payment. No way to request refund.
It actually gave me what I was looking for, though the step counter doesn't seem to sync with Google Fit, which is to bad.
I like this watch face, but it uses a lot of battery. It is using twice the battery as the default watch face.
Excellent. One question when it is in ECO or black and white mode is it moving steadily  to keep the pled screen safe?
Paid premium but still only getting the demo watch
Didn't get time to use but it's ok so far

Premium access to be able to actually use it. Not advertised that way.
Pay for everything
Really like the design!
Nice job!
Superb app
Excellent
One of the best watch faces for my sony smart wstch 3.Gives me awesome app access
Is it possible to try the premium features before buying?
Still tying to launch it
Didn't think I would like it. Ended up loving it. The ways to change the styles of my Q Explorists watch face are endless.  Only downside is the txt and email icons don't respond when tapped. But there's other ways to open them. Good job. 5 stars
All the info I need on one screen plus an excellent always-on face.
Good looking watch face but kills the battery in my moto360. About 10% per hour.
Finally found the right watch face for me!
It has everything in one
Smart looking, packed with features, very flexible! Loved it!
Great, great , great and very functional AND customisable...
Great face and great service from author
I would rate higher, but there seems to be no way to turn off the heart rate sensor when the watch is not on. This kills my battery if the watch isn't worn. I believe Wear has a way to detect if the watch is being worn. I wish the heart rate sensor took advantage of that.
Pretty nice with quite a few configuration options. However not syncing heart rate to Google Fit makes regular checking of heart rate useless and unnecessary battery drain.
probably one of the best looking watch face (digital) available..i've been looking for a decent watch faces for a long time..im kinda picky, and i was never able to find one that didnt look too cheesy..this one is amazing tho..clean and sharp..and with the premium features unlocked pretty much all customizable..
Last update seems to have completly broken the watch face, the companion app reloads everytime I leave it, never saves settings (even if I manually save a profile) and does not show up in the android wear app, or on my watch.  Unusable until fixed.  Also the menu for the watchface settings on the phone looks pretty janky, and has minimal feedback when you do various actions, such as no notifications for when you save/load a profile, change weather settings, and a slew of other things dont have any feedback as to whether or not it worked.  Edit: i dont have play store on ny smart watch.  After restarting my phone and watch multiple times and reinstalling the app on and off my phone 3 times, o got master to load again, and the settings seem to save now.  Upped to a 3 star review, which I'll change to 5 once the app itself gets a bit more polish and options and changes in app have some form of solid confirmation when doing things  Aside from that, I do really like how this app runs and looks
Great watch face, but eats battery when not worn - it doesn't turn off the heartbeat sensor
Uses way too much battery.  Went back to my original face.
Awesome watch face with tons of options. Well worth less than 2$!
Fabulous, the only watch face I've kept on my watch for ages. Thoroughly recommended.
Good watch face have it on my moto360 gen2 and my Asus zenwatch 3
Very creative and fun watch face really enjoy using this design
Looks great super customer support excellent thank you!
It does exactly  what I  need
It looks pretty, but it performs poorly, at least on my ZenWatch.  Its laggy, and the face is so small, that you can't see anything, because its a round face forced to fit screen on a square screen.  Description stated that this face is compatible with square watches, it most assuredly is not.
So you can pay to unlock features. Oh and pay to go to the pro version. So $4.00 for a fully functional watch face. It's nice but it's not $4.00 nice.
You can't even change the temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius without paying, absurd.
Looks great, can't do anything without paying..  Not even change the units for the temperature..
Nice interface display on my Moto 360. So far so good.
Does not fill the whole face on my Sony SM3.
Hi. Purchased a settings upgrade but can't change the hands colour. Please fix.
Uninstalled!!!!
Very nice watch face going to upgrade.
Didn't work despite having correct specs
Paralax seems messed up on the lg g watch r.  Other than that it is nice and looks great.
The fact that all the 5 * reviews are girls just shows how stupid developers are with bot reviews just let real reviews talk for themselves it's not a bad watch face but because of this deceitfulness I have to drop a star
No se distingue nada pésimo
Gives a futuristic look & has everything on the dial, it's a boon for geeks
Works really Well!!
Compass does not work on my Sony watch 2 that well,it stops working during the day
Have to pay to make changes.... How am I supposed to know if I want it unless I can make changes and see if I like the customization aspect?
It would look good if there was more customization on it. Now it looks aweful
Terrible you'd think setting up a square face too would be pretty easy within ui.. but no
Is lock to do any thing
Virus
I think it could use a redesign.
Advertise those in a separate full version app.
Trying to c what works? Here we go
Needs purchase to access essential settings. No thanks...
Nice
Refund
bad
Great
Update: This app works now. I still want the option to add widgets, but it's as beautiful as ever.  Currently IMO, Ted Baker has most beautiful faces available for Android Wear. I love them. I wish there were a way to add a couple of discreet widgets. Also, I'm not sure why they're separated into male/female categories.... For the most part, the faces are gender neutral.   Unfortunately, after the latest update, this app shuts down on launch. For reference, I have a brand new Zenwatch 2. Will update my review when it works.
Beautiful, even if limited, designs. I like the minimalist look. My only problem with this app is that when I go into the settings, I can't figure out how to select "male" vs "female". I think I've finally figured it out, but it is not at all intuitive, and it's not very responsive so it takes a while to actually get into the watch faces to see if I had done it right. I would love to see more watch face options - but only because they are beautiful and I love staring at them! :)
I don't know why people are negatively reviewing this but all you have to do to make the last update work on your watch is uninstall and then reinstall. It looks like they've patched it anyway so people who can't seem to simply troubleshoot can get their watch working again
Android Wear 1.0: This is a great face that goes really well with suits/shirts.  Android Wear 2.0: Wear face didn't appear anywhere?. Reinstalled and it goes through full install process but again, no watch face. Uninstalled again and it's working though it's slow. Far better on Android 1
The app works fine except for one small but pretty annoying detail. no matter what face I use, the second hand always stays light blue. Please try to fix, then this will be perfect
On a moto 360 the watch face selection page markers are hidden by the bottom part, so it's not obvious how to change faces.
This is probably my favorite Android Wear face. Interesting designs that span the whole watch face, attractive colors, no intrusive "designer logo". Most of the images actually look nice as a watch face (which is oddly rare), and the way the hands sweep/reveal from one image to another is neat.  Some feedback:  I do wish that it would provide the option for showing subtle hour tick marks around the edge. I can manage to tell the time but it's not the super-easy at-a-glance process you really want from a watch.  (And a minor thing: it would also be nice if, when you tap the face to flip the two images, it remembered that flipped state after dimming and waking up again.)
Using this watch face for a few days, I literally just stop doing my essay at 3am to type this feedback. Omg it is just beautiful and UNIQUE. It is not boring, the customization option is little but enough. This is the best watch face I have ever used. Thank you to TED BAKER for the invention.
Beautiful watchface. One of the best I've ever used in the last two years. Bit dissapointed that it stopped working on my Fossil Q after the androidwear update :(
Cant get it to work on my moto360 and ive only installed it today and have tried uninstalling then reinstalling it 10 times. What am i doing wrong?
The face is nothing like the pictures shown. Just this horribly ugly chicken face.
Perfect! Add random background that ganges  every hour too :)) (I installed it Right Now! I dont now does it have this or not :) )
Too bad this doesn't work! I rebooted phone and watch and it's still nowhere to be found.
Tried installing a few times. Rebooted both devices and still only get one face.
Installed but won't show up on my hauwai smart watch. Very disappointed.
Minimalist design means you have to hunt and scroll around for battery, step count etc. Nice for nights out where you don't need this I guess :)
Sorry! Can you help me?? I can't work with it on my gear s2. If you know please reply . tnx for your help.
I use samsung galaxy j1 after installing the app, am unable to find it.
Cannot get this app to show up in wear for motorola 360 second gen
I don't get any problems with this, faces are cool and smooth. Not a lot of personalization beside the background design. Moto360 2 gen
How do you set it ... when I go to gear manager it's not there (I use an s5 and the 1st gen gear) only the ones from the Samsung apps work
I can't find the face anywhere, doesn't seem to work on moto360s
Didn't work with my Polar M600 at all. Not visible at all. Android Wear Clock face situation is generally terrible, no sense at all.
I wasn't sure before I downloaded because they looked a bit too much and might not easy to pick up the time. But I LOVE them and enjoy them a lot after I finally tried.
Don't work. I installed Uninstaller twice. Can't get the alp to work.
This is a great looking watch face, and I like all the different options. I just wish I had the option of showing the date.
Very nice watch face but the lack of basic apps is rediculous in this day and age, sadly rendering this watch face redundant.
Terrible only came with 2 faces one weird bobble one and a chicken........enough said
The designs of the watch faces are lovely,  however as soon as you open app and ask you 'male' or 'female'. Who cares! Just show me the choices without gender assigning them.
To put his brand on this crap
A small but marvelous innovation on what a smart watch face can be that an analogue can't. Really happy with this, can't believe it's free, and am glad of the ten options for personalising it.
Does not work with new Android update.
Downloaded but can not seem to get it on Gear S2
I have this on my LG Urbane and it looks great.
Please can you make it work with the Moto 360?
It doesn't work or do anything
I would also like them to add a little more customisation to it.
Great faces. Wish they werent separated by gender as alot of the designs on both sections are pretty masculine to me.
Gorgeous watch faces.  Subtle hour marks would be a nice addition.  An update with a few more colour options would also be appreciated.
Downloaded but can't find in Android Wear app. Can't set in my watch.
The main part of Sri Lankan flag "the lion" is missing!
I like the idea of flag on your watch... Good job
Nyc idea
I just wish I had a square watch face
Nice watch face
doesn't work.
You conquered the mobile themes, glad to see ya working on watch faces now too.
Small problems are that the second hand doesn't do the sweeping 5 ticks per second of an automatic movement like the preview site shows. And the watch face is different from the preview and pictures. Currently the 5min markers are the accent color instead of white.
If there was an option for Fahrenheit weather instead of just Celsius... Am I missing something? Or is this not an option? Should be.
I like this app. could u have an update for samsung gear s soonest ? I couldnt sync it with the watch with the current version. Thks
No fahrenheit? Apparently there is no setting to switch to fahrenheit.
I'm on 5.1 and it loads a totally different watch face to my watch even tho it shows as the right one on the face menu on the watch and wear app :s
doesnt seem to work on my Moto 360 on 5.0.1, cant enable it :( Will update review if watchface gets updated to work.
Currently when I switch to this watch face it instead switches to the built in Moto 360 Simple watch face. Hope it gets fixed soon.
As another reviewer said, it displays the Moto 360's "Simple" theme on the watch. Android 4.4.4, Droid Turbo. Will update review once dev has a chance to look into it
This is not working on the moto 360, it just shows a simple time. Please fix asap.
Doesnt work on 5.01 lg watch r
Does not work LG watch R
I really like the watch face, would look great on a Moto 360.
Won't load face on my 360
Battery optimized watch face, using it for 3-4 days and giving good battery time with clean army style needles
This should easily be a 5 star face as it looks AMAZING but unfortunately it lacks the basic functionality of a 12 hour mode. When I first tried this app in the morning I was convinced this was my favorite face but into the afternoon I saw the 24 hour time and was disappointed. It has a wonderful amount of color customizations though but ultimately fails in the most basic area of simply displaying the time. I would think the aspect of displaying the time would be the first area of customization.
I need to admit that it has a very elegant design. However, after using it, i found out that both app launcher and ok google detection slows down significantly. Also, it seems a little blur on Huawei Watch, i am not sure whether it is related to the resolution of the textures used by the app.
Overall, I love the simplicity of this face, but it kills the battery on my watch (especially given that it does almost nothing). This needs to get fixed.
Just wish it had a bit more functionality.  For example, center tap to see upcoming calendar events
Would be nice if we had color options for the hands.
overlay fixed thanks! but second hand is off centre now looks bad
Like another reviewer mentioned, is it possible that you add an option to have the black version (battery saver mode) as the primary watch face?
Four in Roman numerals is IV not IIII
简洁高雅
i'm so happy with it!
I was using the outlook app watch face but found this one. This is now my main watch face. Only thing I can't work out is how to get complications working whilst calendar events are showing... Maybe I'm missing something. Great watch face though.
I love this face! I wish there was a way to turn off the tap for bright face, though. I keep accidentally changing it to white.  Edit: I'm a dumb man who can't read. Found it in the advanced settings, thanks!
This is the best watch face I used. It is simple, supports complications and shows agenda.
5 stars for an excellant app and for responding to an issue so quickly! I am now a satisfied customer. :)
Way more options then shown in the screen-shots. Very nice! Using it on a Fossil Q Explorist.
Really love this watch face. Can it also be set to show reminders as well as calendar events?
First watch face that has everything I need with everything being customizable 👌🏻
Just the face I've been looking for to have my events available at a glance.  Plus, the friendly developer was very responsive to a feature request.  This is going to be my main watch face for a long time.
After a long and frustrating search, I finally found this gem, which allows you to integrate the primary functions you need, into a thing of beauty. As always in good design, form follows function.  This watch face would have far more users, if only it wasn't hidden behind a plethora of silly, junk faces, that have populated the Google Play store. Admitedly, its a bit tricky to customise, but then, we don't have the advantage of Force Touch, as on the Apple Watch, do we?  I don't need my watch to tell me how many steps I've made, or when to take a dump - surprisingly, I've already got that stuff under control. What I need to know is when are my next few appointments, and do I need my umbrella or warm coat when I go out - things like that, outside my immediate control.  This watch face allows you to do that, and elegantly too.
This watch face embodies the reason I bought an Android Wear smartwatch. Of course, couldn't get all this kind of info in the stock watch faces, so here I am...glad I found this one! Gives me the info I need at a glance. Well worth the cost. Developer extremely helpful and responsive to questions and suggestions!
Exactly what I was looking for in a watch face. One improvement would be to switch date to another complication. Would be nice if tapping agenda would open full agenda.
I use this every day for meetings.  Zero problems and it looks great.  If you have a busy schedule you will love this watch face.
Finally found good calendar face and it is not require reload it every day as face from outlook. May you please consider an option to have digital time instead of arrows? Thanks.
The watchface I never knew I always wanted.
Excellent and beautiful calendar watch face.
Very clean and well made watch face. Arcs are brilliant idea! Should be a standard feature on Android Wear! Only criticisms; 1) Date area, would rather another complication.  2) Top of the watch can look a little blank when no meetings are listed. 3) Setting menu confusing to start with but once learnt very customisable.
Absolutely brilliant
nice and simple design. good readability outside. Thank you! :)
Incredible watch display!!! Impressive customizability ,clean interface and menus.  GREAT replacement/alternative to the Outlook watch face from Microsoft.  Feature requests *Customizable arc colors ( arc color "themes")  *Digital watch face option (no clock hands)  BUGS *Orange watch hands sometimes turn yellow in ambient mode.  Great app keep up the awesome work!!👍👍
Great face. Needed a simple watch face that had calendar arcs, support for notifications and wasn't as resource hungry as Pujie on my G Watch R. This does the job.
The calendar design is really cool and novel.  However, the big selling point are the customization options. It gives a small set of watch faces which fit most tastes but an extreme depth of detail customization options. I ended up not falling for choice overload like I did when initially looked for watchfaces.
Very sleek and professional design. I'm pretty impressed with the calendar design. This is my new favorite watchface!
Nice minimalist watchface. Love how it handles calendar events.
Gin
Beautiful but one small incompatibility on my Huawei - the red second hand bisects the the watch Numbers whereas on my Urbane it rotates outside of them. Also would prefer a better looking ambient mode since the main face is so nice! Is there a pay version w more features?
hands might be tricky to read when they are at bottom of face... could do with timeout setting too
Lovely watch face but crashes
Cool watch face but it doesnt have any alerts . If somone contacts to you yo cant fell any motions from youre warch
Watchface is pretty nice... But need more battery optimization... It doesn't last for a day...
I like this one .

Wow
Good one
Unfortunately, the free version offers a basic setup that cannot be customized.
Good, nice...but evrytime u want something more...u have to pay...
Work perfectly on my LG G Watch R.
Good design.
Good
This apps is such beautiful that I am going to use for myself.
Im a motor head so go figure!
It's soo beautiful
Works well
Moto 360
Love it!!!
The best
I love
Awesome
It's really good apart from the crown 360 icon, I have a samsung gear live and it just spoils it. Call me a perfectionist
Fashionable :)
Because its so much better than a similar paid version.  Can I pay for more options, like date? .....maybe weather?  ...Other shapes?  I'm impressed, the effect is stunning.
Holy cow
Kool
Watches
The only thing that works is the adds.
Only thing working is the ads
How does this thing work?
This app is not working. Only looks are good but nothing works.
Not Working , Only adds.
Only ads
We are 23
Cool
It looks great on my sony smartwatch 3, unfortunately it locks up forcing a reboot and change to a different face. Too bad as it looks very. Nice!
Love this watch face, very neat looking, well worth paying the premium price.
Looks great. Shame you can't remove some panels on the face without upgrading
Does not work trouble shooted everything possible want my money back.
Great looking watchface, enough that I've already purchased premium.  My 5th premium that I've purchased from you.  I will make this 5 star if you could make it more compatible with a square watch face (Asus Zenwatch 2 1.63).  That's my only complaint is that I just don't like the round face on my square watch.  Is this by any chance possible in an update?
Nice design overall. It would be awesome if the panels were to open and close when the watch goes in and out of ambient mode though. Because I don't see a way to make them open and close otherwise...
Clean and simple! Thanks for supporting square watches. Seems as if it will help kind to the battery... we'll see! Certainly a keeper.
I like it however, a date window would be very helpful.
BBrialliant
Great app.
Really good application
Nice app.
Nice application
I love it
great work
Love it.
Love it
Great
Good
Instead of freezing the planets on ambient, please make them act as hour/minute hands.
Had an issue with this Devs Pixel Watchface where it would not sync to Android wear. Be patient!! After a half hour this watchface and the other showed and they are both pretty great.
Awesome, please add Jupiter  Edit: Thanks you are awesome, best AW watch face
This developers watch faces are simple yet beautiful. Very clean and well done. I've paid for many watch faces that aren't as good as this and these are free! Great job!
Phone app crashes and can't adjust settings, even after reinstall.
Can set watch face but when entering settings through android wear it stops and will not work even after remove and re-install.
There needs to be a way to turn off the "pop" feature. Every time my watch face gets tapped, the color scheme changes. There needs to be an option to lock it. Also there needs to be a battery level complication. And lastly, and least importantly, I would like to see more color options or even the ability to choose the colors.
I bought this face for my ZenWatch 2 with the intention of playing with it for a while and then getting a refund, but after seeing it on my watch I definitely will be keeping and using this watch face!
App causes ghosting (dead, not fixable pixes).
See
Had trouble getting it to work initially, but the quick response from the team helped. Loving the watch face. Thanks.
Not really worth the money, not many features.
Great app and great customer help.
Fun and bright watchface
Does not work on the lg urbane.
Simply beautiful
You'll need to turn off card previews in order to use this watch face since the cards being previewed at the bottom of the display will cover the hours between 5 and 7, AM and PM.
Love the face. Only one complaint. Love to be able to change font.
Looks great, a subtle way to show my pride.
For those of you who are reporting issues on the LG G Watch R version, try rebooting your phone and watch. Once rebooted the app should install. You're welcome, interwebz
Do any of the settings even work? Can't stop that annoying notification, even if I'm not using the face, selecting a channel doesn't do anything, they all seem random.  It's cool but needs some work, it's really just a watch face to demo for friends nothing more.  Going to uninstall cause of the notification
The app will suddenly stop working and I have to switch watch faces and go back to it on Moto 360. Sucks the watch battery too. Good idea if it worked. Uninstalled it.
Same gifs in rotation, doesn't seem to download new ones, can't make changes through phone app, watch UI is super clunky, doesn't allow to use own gifs, and takes up way too much storage. Cool idea implemented very badly.
Expect to see the same images over and over and over. Clunky channel surfing.messages saying switch to WiFi. Fun for 10 minutes total
Have the 5.0 update and does not work on watch installed multiple times to no avail.
Sony Smartwatch 3 and LG G3
Good when you have a little time, some gifs are questionable and not suited for kids.
I love that it updates every minute. And the holiday channel of so funny! I change the gif channel twice a week to see new gifs. Running on moto 360 original
Its great how it updates its self for new gifs. Looks awesome on the LG G Watch R
Nice. Could be formatted a bit better. Proper resolution... Limited settings. Would really like to keep one gif or use my own...
(must have)Needs a date and a battery display option, should/could have "add your own" animated gif
Worked for a night didn't work that great to begin with less than 24 hours I'm done thanks though.
Great fun way to show your smartwatch off,,,,  well done guys,,  love it,,,,  especially the retro s X
I would have loved to use it, but it's not showing up in my Wear device apps.
Amazing app  Very cool   And the best watch face I've had on an Android Wear device
But they keep playing the same gif they won't shuffle on my moto360
It's a wonderful little battery sucker!
Needs to be able to make custom channels. Or even select the one gif
More options would make it better
Doesn't update enough though
Makes watch faces fun!
It's a very good app!
Hilarious!
Dam nice to
It's a neat little distraction when I can't get my phone out. However,  it should be easier to skip gifs.
I wish there were more options for gifs such as a comedy section and being able to use gifs from your phone
I use the app, but it keeps showing the same gifs. A few May change, but overall I am seeing the same ones over and over again. Also 90% of the time it just tells me syncing gifs.
I Would love it and definitely 5 🌟 if I could customize the gif order and also keep the option to randomize said selection.                                         All the best,                       Imfugginluvinit
This is the best for a quick laugh. disclaimer the gifs are so entertaining I don't pay attention what time it is
Love this app both as a full app and as a watch face
I guess it works and works well. Just not sure why I would want it.
Where is the gif directory? I want to load my own Gifs.
But can there be an anime station for us geeks? cx
Very interesting...  I like it because it's different
Fun
It just spams "little tv is not responding", ive tried restarting both device and watch,  both android systems are updated too. Looks like a fun app too its a shame.
This is hands down my favorite watchface, also if you are running late somewhere and look at this, it makes you feel better. DOUBLE WIN!
Sometimes it seems to play the same four gifs over and over. It would also be nice if it was easier to change the gif playing rather than swiping as it doesn't work all the time.
After i inistall it ,it again gets uninistalled plz fix it
Simple, most elegant and distinguished look. Could improve further, without loosing its simple cocept (choice of color, blinking little point to inform of coming info on the watch etc.)
Can you add the option to I change font sizes?  Especially the date in the corner.  Will give 5 stars.
Looks great but doesn't fit the circular design of the Moto 360Sport. I can barely read the day and there is no date because of it. Otherwise it looks great.
Awesome love it please can we have an update to change the colour thanks
Cool but no 24h option?
Beautiful watch face but needs a customization options.
Best still the one simple watch
Color themes are not working.  Also, the screen contrast is off balance making it hard to see the time.
Battery percentage for phone keeps cutting out
And no refund immediately after purchase?? Why not. That's unfair if the watchface sucks
The face doesn't appear in my watch face collection I click on the app it goes to the settings but can't use the options I restarted my watch and phone .
But the watchface doesn't show up. The companion app does. But the actual face doesn't.
Love how this almost mimics the old Casio Bio-Watch I have fond memories of. Just needs to make room at the top for the new priority interruptions icons.
Love this look and ready to give 5stars when you make sw3 (rectangular) version.
It kills the battery. I can barely get 4 hours out of this face. Changing the face fixed the problem, so this face kills battery don't waste your dollar. All of his faces do this
Great design, easy to follow and good information to have on a daily basis
Figured out how to load up the additional colors. Very nice and Unique face.
Awesome watch face, great graphics!
Good watchface with full-color ambient mode and hourly vibration, too bad no manual weather location. Update 1: -1 for developer reply. Conversion from € to €? Seems developer doesn't understand concept of user review and uses developer reply to attack reviews. Not cool, I paid for the app. All mentioned features are available elsewhere. Update 2: - 1 for unsolicited notification ads.
Widgets need premium access. Wanted steps but couldnt set it up. Watch face cool and works.
Favorite watch face. Very cyberpunk. Premium allows full complications, fast and smooth.
They got missed calls and steps
Purchased the premium great interactive watch face
Would be great, but limit widgets with free version
These guy's make the best watch face! Love this one works brilliant. Please make more futuristic animated ones awesome job
Very functional, easy to read, configure, and use, eye catching, and good features... Premium is a good value add.
Have a lot if thema watch faces and love them all.
Very good
Nice
Good
I've been using the premium version for ages. I love it and it's never caused me any issues. My Moto 360 (2nd Gen) always has plenty of battery left at the end of the day.
Looks good and works unlike faces from others (eg richface). Edit: battery hog
Garbage nonsense. Doesnt work on Note5 Samsung - DELETE
For an older version.
I really like the way this watch face looks and I would totally purchase the premium features if the weather widget worked. I've gone through all of the settings on the watch and the phone but the tile where the weather should display only shows --°F  That is the only thing holding me back from rating 5 stars and purchasing premium. Any advice?    Edit: So after restarting my watch the weather now shows up. I will be purchasing premium.  Edit 2: And after using the watch for  while the temp is no longer showing in the widget. What's the deal?
Eye catching and still readable. I think it would be cool if different sections of the watch face could be made different colors.  My only real complaint is it seems to use a lot of battery on my phone.
Bought this face ages ago loved it upgraded to premium, changed my phone from an iPhone to one plus and ive never been able to update or change the settings since. Redownloaded it twice paid for it again upgraded to premium again, face app won't open just takes me to Google store and offers to uninstall it. It's on my watch but you can't change any of the settings. Other faces I have install to my phone and I can change whatever I want.
Looks really nice. Simple and eye-catching.
I'd like a few more controls to change the color of a few screen elements and the ability to save my favorite combinations. This watch face eats an additional 15%-20% of my battery after 14 hours of use with full color ambient setting on. I end the day at 11pm with 15% left on my battery. If I know I'm going out that night I'm careful to charge my phone at the end of the afternoon.
Not for s2 or s3. You have to read full description before you find that out. Complete waste of time, complete garbage
I want my money back. I searched for S3 watch faces this was the 3rd on on the list... I bought it and now see it's not for S2 or S3.. seems like a scam to me!
Very nice watch face
First I want to say this is an awesome watchface as is all the others made by this person/company. But....Why do I have to pay premium for every watchface I get? Had I have known I would have just done the dollar everytime instead of $5 and thinking that unlocks all the faces.
I like it but to buy premium you have to pay
Nice design.  A lot of features for the free version but happy to pay to unlock the extra as I've done on his other offerings.  The Dev is also very quick to assist with technical questions.  Very satisfied.
Immediately crashes on my Q founder running Android Wear 2.0
Doesn't work on Nexus 6P and Huawei watch. Can't find the app niether on phone or watch even after resynchronizing apps
Great app, you need to add email notifications to watch face other than gmail.
Needs updates for gear s2
Does as advertised. Love it.
I still love it
Good looking watch face but I payed for the premium features and they're not working on my huawei watch. Toggles for flashlight and timer shortcuts just do nothing. If these features worked if definitely good this watch a 5.
Slick face and nice functionality. Gives me information I need at a glance. Uses a little more battery than other faces but not so much that it's a problem. Overall a great app!
Brilliant watchface, only concern is that when I turn my watch screen on the watchface flashes black and white before setting on the colour I have chosen, resetting device has temp fixed but it returns within minutes, will still use though.
Super-interactive, intuitive and slick. I love the grey options for subdued lighting, and the widgets are very interactive. Fantastic watchface!
Amazing faces watching
Very cool
The best and coolest watch face I've found on Android wear.
I really like the look, but it does not allow you to have 24hr format.
Nice looking watch face however the battery indicator for the phone never updates. Would be nice to have the option to be able to take this off.
Watch face does not align properly on the moto 360. Please fix this, the pictures look good and it seems like a nice face for a watch but needs to be fixed.
Looks nice but the watch will not line up with the screen I have uninstalled and reinstalled and still no fix
Really wanted to try this face but it is misaligned on the moto 360 with 5.1.1!
It's not even. Can't see numbers 4-8. 👎
Please fix the alignment issue with moto 360 lollipop 5.1.1 and I'll give you 5 stars..I love the design
Great looking but 1 star as the face is not alligned correctly for the Moto 360.
Nice design thanks developer.
Watch doesn't line up with latest update.
Watch does not line up with screen.
Dosen't  line up at all on moto 360...
Screen doesn't match up
Cool
Good
Misaligned on the Moto 360 and pixelated on top of that. Clearly not much effort was made when creating this face.
Love the look, just terrible alignment with moto360 5.1
Does not work with moto 360, the clock is off the screen. Tried 3 times to get it working. Never happend.
It watch face does not fit properly on the Moto 360
I liked the concept but its so blurry it makes the watch  (moto 360) look cheap
Cannot see entire watch
with the new update the watch face doesn't fit the Moto 360.
This watch face looks like a compressed image.
Is not working!
Doesn't align with Moto 360
has borders on smartwatch 3
Just what I was after. Works perfectly on moto 360 2nd, unlike the other android wear world face, which was a bug ridden nightmare. Well done to the developer. Please add 24hr clock and some day/date options to improve.
Need options to change font... Other than that. It's AMAZING
Animated globe. Looking forward to moon and other planets ;)  Hope you can improve battery life, though.
I payed for this app so that I could use it on my gear s3 frontier and it installs on my device but is nowhere to be found!!!
Needs battery and date indicator...will give more stars if you give more features
Drains the battery
No settings option is a real disappointment,  would be nice to have delay time to ambient mode or a ambient mode that keeps it running,  I'll check back in a few weeks
Not working
its not connecting with android phone       we are so sad to buy this wunderbar .please make it ok as soon as possible
unable  to onboard wunderbar with this app....wunderbar not connecting to Wi-Fi  and there is no error with wrong wifi password ....
Had a few problems with changing WiFi but nothing major. I like the design.
Worked as expected. No problems during onboarding.
Good clean interface. When I tried onboarding something went wrong - could be user error ;), but the app coped and managed to get my WunderBar onboarded.  Seeing the data come through even when I was outside was pretty awesome too.
Great App!
Very simple app, clean interface. I had trouble with onboarding my WunderBar using my Moto G when BT was off, but then I quit the app, turned BT on, launched the app again and it worked like a charm.
Installed, uninstalled three times.please refund
Installed fine but doesn't let you select a different face. Tried changing it from the watch and now it says my face isn't available even though it's selected in the app???
Could not get it to work on my LG watch
Yes love it, once setup it works really efficiently, battery life seems pretty reasonable and the faces are quite customisable, my first genuine 5 star app rating 👍
nice one! looks amazing with all the skulls on my moto 360 1st gen..
Good but miss the ability to change needle color and form
Looks great!
The best
I totally got different skull, but I needed shown in the picture. U guys cheating
I DOWN LOADED THIS FAMTADTIC LOOKING APP ON MY SAMSUNG MOBILE  FOR MY CASIO WSD F20S ANDROIF WEAR WATCH .  BUT I CANNOT SEE THIS APP ON MY ANDROID  CAN YOU PLEASE ADVICE THANKS
Excellent communication, I couldn't get this to work, with the advise I have this now on watch, very happy, thank you.👍👍
I'm new to this whole faces thing. This is my first buy. I like it so far.
Only have one clock face. I tried the hold down on the clock face but I still only have one and it's a male type face. Not that bad but wanted the skill with roses
Where do I find this once installed?! Not on my phone, app, or watch. Dev help please or I'll get refund.
Does not work. Not worth the$
I started to download it 20 mins ago and it's Still downloading... taking ages
Works perfectly on my Sony android watch. Love that you can changer the faces too. X
Been charged but isn't showing the app any where. So can't use it.
No open in my watch wyf
Freaking the sickest watch faces of you like skulls or sugar skulls.
Didn't work.
Downloaded the skull face , but got a totally different skull !
I love skulls
Ok
Love this!
Love it
I don't understand how to change the faces for my moto 360 sport.  😢😢😢
They should give more face in update if possible with them
Freaking awesome watch faces!
My go to watch face.. Love it
I wasn't entirely sure that the it'd be worth the price, but it definitely was! Would even pay more! Love the design and customizability. Get tired of it? Change background image and it feels fresh again! Awesome app, awesome developer, and both deserves 5 stars! 👌 #skullsforlife💀
I wasn't sure I'd dig this. But I do love it, there are tons of options for both the ambient and live watch screen. A lot of care went into this thing.
Changed my rating to a 5 star.  Developer is awesome.  I had an issue and he spent a day fixing the issue and updating the app.  Awesome app and developer.  Best watch on here
Read the fine print,  you get 10 watch faces! That's 0.10 cents each!  Well worth the money for the super cool appearance! Wearing on a Huawei smart watch with stainless steel mesh band.  Looks  great!
I love it but why have an ambient face. When I pick a watch face that is what I want to see when I look at my watch. I shouldn't have to push the button to see the face I picked.
Easily one of my favorite watch faces.  Would love to see a few more skulls added for the face, but the ones that are there are great.
Great pics.would be great if i could actually change the skull to one of the other preset one.it says changed but nothing.reset phone and watch
Skulls and more skulls
Great faces! Love the selection on the ambient screen.
Can you please add full ambition mode?
73p well spent. Would of paid more looks great.
I like the simplicity and date display!
There is a bug I suppose. When I put a custom background on the watchface, the am and battery percentage indicator cast a kind of shadow, towards the right, which is kind of annoying.  Otherwise this is the watchface I was looking for.
Exactly what I was wanting and it installs directly onto my watch from the Google Play store with in my Android Wear 2 watch. Thank you!  I would like the ability to display a leading zero when using the 24-hour display option. Where can I donate to your project?
Exactly what I was looking for LOVE IT and you can put any photo as background... This is the BEST app for your smartwatch. 10 stars if I could.
This is the best watch face so far I found., the only issue is in ambient mode, there is a white line on the top left and it drives me crazy...it sometimes goes away but it does reapear.
Simple and easy to read. I think it's less battery intensive as well.
This is the best digital watch face on the play store. very simple very customizable can even change the font and font size thank you very much
No widgets. Nothing better than the stock faces
New Favourite
I used to customise fonts, but with the recent updates whenever I tried to change the font it say TTF file not found, otherwise all good....
Love this so much. Battery lasts longer and love everything about it. Would be fab if you could add steps to this? Also if you were able to move the time to another place on the screen as it's covering my photo a bit to much. Best I've seen yet tho!💗
Love this watch face but please please make the battery level brighter in both ambience and full on modes. It's one of the key things I love. The face is uncluttered and so easy to read.
Ambient notifications becomes invisible when colors are black on white and custom colors are impossible to set right in ambient. Also ambient battery font is unreadably thin.
Makes my Sony Smartwatch 3 go up to 3 days without charge!
Does not work at all on my LG GWR with android wear2 and MM 5.1.1 on Xperia M2
Simple but efficient watch faces, would give 5 if you added more backgrounds and fonts.
The simplest of designs which is great. But wish I could use custom Fonts.
Does not work
Absolutely fantastic on the Smartwatch 3. Thank you for creating this!
Very nicely done very easy to customize
Nice would be perfect if it showed steps
The best
I love it's simple easy to read design and it gets frequent useful updates.
Love it. The best and most flexible watch face I've found so far.
Made my watch vry mch different from regular 1
Quick and to the point with no clutter.  The Apps Select Font button does not work right on my phone.  It goes to gallery.  Can you make an option to remove the AM and PM?
Other watch faces have lots of fancy features but the icons and text are tiny. With this one I can see the time without putting my glasses on!
I use this on my sony smartwatch 3. Had it as the face for a long time now. Clear and simple is what makes it great.
This is the default watch face that all Android Wear makers should've installed by default.
It took me 3 months to find this watch face. It's surprisingly difficult to find a simple watch face that gives you the time in a 24 hour format. If possible I would add an option for weather.
This is exactly what I was looking for.  The numbers are large and the display is easy to read. I only planned on using it once in awhile, as I have other "fancy" watch faces I can use, but I just never turn it off.
but this is by far the best feature-filled watch face I have ever seen! Try it out and see for yourself :)
The big numbers (scaled at 110%) are ideal. Easily configurable. Perfect for the Sony SmartWatch 3.
I was looking for a watch face that had seconds on it and this is the only one I found. Thank you soo much.

Simple, clean and does the job brilliantly
Nice and simple. Thanks!
The best  for SW3
Simple, excellent
Good
Hello, thank you for your benevolent work free$ and ad free dev contribution to android wear users.  It feels opensource it is so honest. Could you please add a button for the ability to donate, the year in the date text and separate  large battery indicators for phone/ watch. Excellent readability of the design.
Have a moto 360. I did not get the notification as specified in the tutorial. Any developer tips would be helpful, and if can be shown to work I will re purchase
Wish my watch was not round, the latest version is great
I installed it and it doesn't work. You can't even see it in the phone or watch
Edited to 5 stars the developer contacted and clarified, i like the tiles and it makes the watch look modern and i like all the color options.  Good job with the watch face
Is a perfect fit for Sony' Smartwatch3. It used to crash eventually but it has been fixed in latest patches.
It's too light. It looks more grayish than black. The indicators are not very accurate and even confusing.
I have reset both my phone and watch multiple times, and resynced Wear Apps to watch but it is still not listed in my watch face list. Uninstalling.
Installed on moto 360 but it doesn't fill the face properly and looks like it's slipped from top to bottom!
I have the new Urbane and this has to be the worst resolution WatchFace I've ever seen
Easily my new favorite watch face. Cant beat the look and the multiple dials.
The watch face itself looks great and works well. But ambient mode is really boring and ugly.
couldn't figure out how to show unread notifications..  plus was not good for OLED burn in..   LG Urbane AW 2.0
This is an excellent watch face (especially in ambient / dim mode).  On my Huawei smart watch it did everything as advertised.  (I currently have the countdown clock set to vacation start date!).  Only challenge I had was with weather updating.  However, I emailed the designer and he got back to me within a few hours with suggests. Now it works 100%.  Great watchface and great designer!
Great looking watch face with good options. It's definitely one of the best looking watch faces out there, however the countdown timer is a bit useless to me & I wish there were more options for what the center button does. It'd also be nice to be able to change the dim mode's colours. As some others have mentioned, I wish I could change the dimming time as well. Great watch face all around.  (My watch is a Nixon Mission SmartWatch).
First : I can't believe anyone could rate this less than 4 stars!!  Amazing product, great options and customizable.  Second : Thank you for keeping it simple.  I'm no tech genius and I pretty much have this set up the way I like it.  If only there was some sort of super shortcut to a stop watch function I'd be in heaven!!
Good and original idea for a watchface, quite well executed - I like the style. Only problem is that the central ring is 1) I find visually unappealing (obv subjective!) but also 2) bit worried about using it on an AMOLED screen 'cos burn in. If there was an option to replace the ring with a 1-2 pixel colored circle (keep glow etc) then it would be a great everyday watch face and would be well worth a $ or so. Or if the ring had a separate dim brightness option I suppose so I could  set it down to like 10%
I often grew frustrated after downloading a watch face app, only to find it extremely simplistic unless I paid for the premium. This app is customizable in the free mode as if it were premium.
This is my favourite, very cool, even in DIM mode (which is quite rare). Never hangs, and not at all battery consuming. One thing: I would love to be able to set the seconds before DIM. Otherwise perfect for me. Grats, developers!
Thank you this is a very nice Android wear watch face. Loving it in always on/power save mode too as many of them look bad during this phase.
This app has a lot of options for free. I have purchased other watch items from this maker and have been very happy so I decided to try this free option. It looks great on my Sw3 no issues found at all. I'm very happy to have found another face that looks great on a square layout. This is the best free stand alone face I have used. This developer far as I have found really cares about their product. Well done
Looks great! Especially in Dim mode. Weather and phone battery doesn't update on Huawei P9 though... also can't see ok google button anywhere. Will rate 5 stars if fixed. How about including a step count shortcut too?
I really enjoy this watch face. The only thing that I would like to see added, is an option to keep the screen display on longer, for a variety of seconds.
Using commands like  and  keep track of your battery power level of smart watch and Mobile battery is cool and convenient this is the best face watch I've seen so far awesome editor and commands awesome 10/10 please give us more commands and more editing features of the smart watch and customisable mobile too thumbs up greatest app
The watch face delivers perfectly on the description. Finally something that I liked, and can play around with to make slight modifications that result in amazing watch faces. Works great on the Asus Zenwatch 2
This is my favorite watch face.  The dim mode is identical to the regular mode and is still easy on battery.  Looks amazing!  Has phone/watch battery levels, weather, and an integrated countdown timer.  Thank you for this, great job.
I do like it. couldn't find watch face for a long time and this one with all options is just great. would be fantastic if there is a option to save few settings to easily come back to them
Love the look of this watch face.  It's my default face because it's so easy to customize and has all the info I need on a daily basis and looks cool at the same time.
One of very few watch faces that actually looks cool and has really good custom settings. Really good effort. 8/10. That 2 higher than any other face.
Tried several watchfaces that claim to have count down timer. But this is the first that delivers. Than I found all the customization options. This is a keeper.
I can't work out how to do this ...  COUNTDOWN OPTION  allowing you to count days, hours, minutes - set date, set time, define text - activate discreet vibrations to let you know that the time is over
Sorry if I'm being dumb I can't see where to set the settings in the Wear app on the phone... watch faces haven't shown up in the app for quite a few updates of that app now..?
Ok I finally get the idea this is more like appointment rather then a timer. Is there a way to get the native timer setting and display?
I love how customizable it is, and how beautiful it looks! I wish there was an option to disable the background in normal mode. For some reason it is able to be disabled in dim mode but not normal. Still, I think this is fantastic watch face!
phone battery still doesnt update and countdown broken on sw3. Removed a further star. Edit: i have no personal settings all stock. Other faces update fine. Your coding!
A Favorite of mine. Of Course I change my watchface regularly but This one is Always one of my top faces. Again, very nicely done!
Can't even purchase the Minimal and Elegant absolute failure
Very good if there would have been % option in battery to display watch battery in % I would have given 5 stars . So please add this.
Just the configuration options alone make this watch incredible, but it has a good looking face too 5 stars way up
Unfortunate
Best watch face hands down. Absolutely gorgeous, my favorite watch face. Wish it had battery percentages instead of lines. Everything else is just perfect.
Needs a way to easily tap on the watch screen to change color
Works efficiently. Display is clear. And doesn't mess with other functions. Its great.
I like theme fact that I can customize the color schemes. It looks gorgeous. 🙌
great digital watch face, and keeps getting better with each update. Thx!
This one is my daily driver. It is battery friendly and has a nice customizable futuristic look.
Nice face though, even though watch is set for always on the face goes black sometimes.
Simple, free and customized. Very cool. Thanks. Keep up the good work.
Just awesome!
Would not communicate
If you own sony smartwatch 3 this is the easiest watch face you need to create your own watch face.
I had many different face watches but this one is simply the best
I'm a cat lover and I'm a fan of superman and batman so BAM!
Cats and Superheroes!
I've used lots of 3rd party watch faces and always go back to the official sony watch, but this one won me... Beauty and elegant                          Thanks guys
I love it !!! Dangerous cat ever !!
Decent face but my god, please stop with the constant review request notification. For that reason alone I'm dropping 2 stars.
It crashes on both of my Moto 360s.
Don't even use it, but constant push notifications asking to rate 5 stars
Solid face, performs as expected.
Crashed as soon as it opens
Works nicely, battery is not getting drained. Happy days :)
Crashes on 2.0
Elegant
It looks like the crash is related to the feedback/review prompt mechanism, which is kind of funny, because I can leave a bad review instead of a good one (if it worked right). Using a Nexus 6P by the way...
I was having difficulty finding the app on my watch, and I emailed customer service to help me out. They were super responsive and very quick to help me out. He walked me through the troubleshooting and I got the watch face working in no time. It's very customizable and I love it! Exactly what I was looking for
Each iteration of updates is making this watch face worse. So much more bugs now. Watch face doesn't load after watch has restarted/powered back on. Glitches with the colour scheme from time to time and battery life of the watch is now worse than before..
Won't load the custom preset I had made. So I'm stuck with the basic one.
Worked for 24 hours, but now it doesn't count steps.  Annoying.
No way to access settings on ticwatch E...I'm stuck with the basic face. Could you please help me out
The presets aren't applied for some reason. If anyone knows how to get it working please let me know.
The watch face doesn't update when changing colors (I created a preset)
cannot setup on moto 360 2nd gen!?
I don't  see the watch face on watch.
Not seeing it in my app drawer on the phone. It shows up on the watch but I can't tweak it. :(
Loving the ability to customize so many things on the face. However some options do not work yet or they don't work as they should. Can't change the color of the widget text. It just uses the color of the digital clock on top. Also tapping on the icon to change the color is not very responsive. Takes a few tries. Tapping on the watch face changes the color theme which can be annoying. I accidentally change it several times a day when I tap on the screen to wake my watch.
The new update made the face better than ever. I truly think it's awesome and has all the customization extras needed.  Just a thought for the future though. It would be cool if you could add a turn on animation like Mango Watch Face. I look forward to future updates.
Would rate higher there was an option for ambient mode that would make the original watch face dimmer instead of just the black and white version offered.
Would love to see full ambient mode added, also can't change text color of widgets, the grey it's hard to see with a dark background
On stock Android 6.0 the app crashes while trying to change the settings for the watch face. Would love to try it out !
I cannot get this to show up as a face in wear. Using nexus 6p and moto 360. The Stealth 360 from developer works great. Will change review if it ever shows up.
Can't find a way to make the microphone icon not be there. I can say OK Google if I want voice commands
Hi, please make an option to disable both of the calendar and weather, in the screenshots they NOT EXIST!!! if you make an option in menu to disable weather and calendar icons and ok google microphone i will rate this 5 stars! Thank you, Andrei
Clean design for my Moto 360. This will be my everyday go to watch face. Plenty of options.
One of my favourites, very clean design and decent customisation options. Highly improved since 3.7 update.
Why does it need to continue running in the background when I'm not using it?
Didn't show up on Moto 360 2015.
Thanks
I was customizing the watchface and all of a sudden it crashed. Now keeps crashing even after reinstalling! Other than that huge issue I really loved the new features. Please fix it! This is my daily driver!
Unfortunately I changed a load of options via the Android Wear app at the same time. Can't say which one triggered the crashing. But right now there is no way back.  Shame because I really like the watchface.  You get 5 stars for the app - taking a reasonably quick fix on trust.
Hi, this watchface is really great, but recently I started changing the settings on my android wear and boom it crashed and now I can't use this watchface. Please fix it thanks.
Couldn't be better! :D
Even better than before has whether to great
This is my favorite watch face to date! It was the first one I bought and the one I keep coming back to. And when I had a problem (not with this watch face but with Android Wear) I received a response within a few minutes by a human being who cared and offered me actual solutions. This is a great dev and a great watch face! Makes me want to buy more of their faces to support and because they're the best looking in the whole play store!
Was expecting much more. Some settings would be nice. Square version seems thrown together. Google search icon has got to go. Replace the icon with something more useful...
This looks great but the only thing I am slightly annoyed by is the Google mic icon. Hoping this gets an option to be removed
Really simple, easy and quick to read and that glow around the edge sets the watch face back in such a way that makes it look very real. Great job!
The black background is not solid. There is an island of darker black in the middle. Annoying on my LG G Watch. Please fix
My current watch face. Only issue is the second hand lags showing up.
Feeling bad for u guys
Nice on LG watch R but would love some colour choice other than red...
The graphics on this watch face are very sharp and crisp.
Please add color options to give it more premium look
Simple and elegant. One of my goto faces
Looks awes(ome)
Good app, and the idea of having the increase battery life is ideal for low drain devices, and increasing battery life is good for the watch. 5 stars for this watch face. Ambient mode I heard is the best too. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
As a nice watch should look.
Looks like child made it
Very much nice. Love it.
Very Nice
Awesome!!!!!! Elegant design.
Smooth and clean design really looking cool on my moto360 .
I like the option of chosing date on or off
Cool watchable. Looks decent on my switchgear
Decent watchface for decent one's
Thanks again
Could not download to watch. Update, you have to download the pay app watch face first and then you will be able to download the Moto dot watch face, would give it 5 stars but transfer from phone to watch took some time was not an immediate transfer.....but it LOOKS NICE!! Phone is Samsung Galaxy Note 3 watch is Moto 360.
Uninstalled
Greatly enjoyed the new watch app
Not a bunch of frills, but cool features and nice customization, especially for a free app. I think I'll look forward to what else this dev has to give. A pleasant surprise.
A few ads are ok,  but there are to many apps on the phone.
Needs to Add more features.  Date   battery
You added more data in the watch like date and weather.......
Watch face image too small for Asus Zenwatch 2. Install very clumsy and limited. Not happy with image at all.
Decent looking when in standard mode. Would rather ambient only show the hands and not everything else. Would also be nice to have a dimmer ambient since i can turn the screen on when needed.
Looks good on my Sony sw3 but is better on a round watch.😊 Can  you tell me how to get dimmed setting please?
The app is one of the best. It's good for moto 360 1st gen and scd gen.
Well let me try first
Only comes in one color
Perfect and stylish ...what more could you ask for. It's awesome.
Nice look, not my style though
Ok okay Ok lang Thanks again
Great face,  pretty fancy
Good apps. Very usefull
Looks great on my Huawei
Nice watch face
Ok
Super
It's good
Very nice
Nice face
Nice face
Mostly brill
Easy to use
Perfect
Liked it
Good
When I turn on my watch it keeps saying "Skymaster has stopped working" it needs fixing!
One of the classiest faces I've seen. One suggestion - make either the week or hour dial into a date dial instead. That would be way more useful.
I love the gold and black color design but what is the use for the bottom clock? It shows 13,26,39,52 I couldn't get it...
The quality is pretty low rez, it could be a bit higher. It is pretty though
Neat face...but expensive
I really love the look of this face.  However whenever I have a notification, the card takes up the whole watch face unless I dismiss it.  Needs the small cards.  I have a moto 360.  Edit:  Appreciate quick response from Dev.  My issue was fixed and I now use this face as my daily.
Force close on G watch R
Blank screen when lit and frozen in dim mode. Sony Smartwatch 3.
Don't bother. There are much better alternatives on the Play Store.
The vibration is fine but i don't need an ear spltting siren. Why no myte option?
This alarm went off while I was on a plane taxing out to take off and I almost got kicked off. Perhaps a more subtle tone?
Is this for children ?
Why is it so hard to find a simple, digital face with 12 hour time and date?!
I love it
Looks good :)
Lovely simple watch face. Would love the option to show the date and remove the lighter ring when it's "active" though.
So far so good

Never show the wach face on my watch
It shows it but never acualy sync it to your device it just wastes your data
It's not connected with my smart watch
This app is terrible. One of the worse.
Fake app
I don't appreciate being forced to wait for full screen ads to play out.
This app is just pure malware
Better than bad
More design
Good
Kawaii watch face
How does this work?
Still trying out
This app, for what it does, works very well. It even outperformed another app I have which cost more. I would not dare call this a finished product but it works. I'd love to see some improvements in the interface and perhaps the ability to track heart rate via bluetooth strap or something. The physical metrics are cool but it's but easier to evaluate recovery time by judging how quickly your heart recovers between sets. I'm not sure but it would also be nice to have a web app for this also.
This app has a very big potential, it's almost unique and recognize the exercises pretty well, without any interaction. BUT... on android there are a lot of bugs and few features. Many times the watch and the phone are not sync. The logged excercises on the watch are not stored on the phone, the new excercises are not present in the list of excercises. There are no statistics, only a log of the exercises and reps (poor formatted). Creating a workout is not easy, you cannot pick the excercises from a list. The home page of the app is useless. This app couls be a top commercial app, but at least on android it needs to be improved a lot.
Problems with Wear 2.0. I love this app and it works well on my LG Urbane. However, I upgraded to LG Watch Sport which runs Android Wear 2.0 and have run into problems. When I go to create a new workout or change the reps/weight on an existing workout, the app closes. I believe it still logs the workout, but the crash is annoying. Fix this, and it'll go back to 5 stars
2017.05 crashes on manually fixing. Finds wrong exercises often. Much better before. Updated app and Huawei watch. Used to not crash before. older version 3.1.0 - Works well with Huawei watch,  but missing set count. So still have to track on paper. Automatic tracking is nice. 21mb used in 3 months for me, blocking ALL permissions.
Potentially could be the best fitness app to use in gym. Detects exercises quite precisely. However it is just full of bugs and looks more like alpha testing release. Crashes here and there. On wear 2.0 even every time you try to edit detected workout details like number of repetitions or weight used and log them. App simply crashes and edits are not saved. Thus, generally it is unusable now until this issue is solved. Yes, and the phone part of app is far from being good, too.
App installed ok, and the age/height/weight entry goes ok, but when I try to choose log in via Facebook or  email it pops up a message saying 'missing info' with an option saying 'I'll check' and that's as far as I can go.
It shockingly works almost flawlessly.even with self programmed excersizes. However, even when I change the unit settings, it only lets me input weights in kg
Should include heart rate monitor feature for those who wear the Android watch. And for Android wear users, it should automatically log in and take the count of our exercise just like Google fit does. Without launching the app it works all over in the background
Just completed my workout and it worked in terms that it logged my workout routine, however the calories burned is extremely inacurate and there is no active heartbeat recording. Disapointed to say the least...
It work fairly well on the apple watch, but on android watches its a waste of time and energy.
So far the best tracking app for any exercise. Yes the GUI and stability on android wear 2.0 could be better but this Is what I have been searching for 2 months.
Can't connect to my gear s2, it asks me to install android wear when you know gear s2 runs on tizen !!
Unable to Sign up/Login
Best workout app for watch it helped me stay motivated
Was working fine then started leaking data pretty dramatically, using up 1gb mobile data and 3gb wi-fi for no reason
Like this App but could Love It!      1- PLEASE add support for Wear 2.0 keyboard so I can name an exercise right on the watch without having to talk to it at the gym or the pesky placeholder which is hard to remember if you have a lot of new exercises the same session.  2-Can you change the pics of the ladies when you open the app to something less womanly? Makes me look like a dude using a woman's exercise app at the gym! 3. exercise backup- mine keep disappearing!
I just got a text from my telco that i have exceded my 10Gb internet plan. Checked my phone settings and it shows that this app has made more then 5Gb od backgound data and just 1.6 MB of foreground data  ...in 15 days... Woot ??? Has anyone had a similar problem? I only use automatic exercise detection thats it.
I like this app but why has it used so much data?
The only app that tracks your exercise progress on android wear. There is one major problem. In guided mode the app does not update your progress. You have to manually update data in custom exercises. I wish it would remember my last weights and reps instead. It does track progress in a separate log that is only accessible from the phone.
This is a Great App! I have an LG Urbane smartwatch,I've tried other fitness Apps like Google fit & LG Health. But those Apps aren't designed to track workouts at the gym (like treadmill use). They can only track outdoor workouts (such as running or bicycling).  The only issues with  this app, is it doesn't track the heart rate displayed on my watch (as shown in their demo video).  And if you mistakenly add a workout to your daily workout log; you can't delete it .I've emailed them, but no reponse..Fix This!
Would be great if it also used the built in HR for alot of smartwatches to further improve calorie burn. Also doesn't seem to learn exercises very well  (repeatedly tried burpees and squats with a sandbag)
Able to identify the workout. I tried this on a ergometer(rowing machine). Unfortunately the phone interface is not good enough. For example the developer has decided that you can have only less than 99 repetitions in a work out. But in my case on an ergometer repetitions per workout would be more than 1000. Also why is the apps main screen shows a still image of a woman lifting a dumb bell. Couldn't this space be used for something more useful, maybe your work out log or something...
Great app! Only issue is that when syncing to Google Fit, the calories are much lower than calculated in the app. Collecting heart rate data would be a nice addition.
Will there be heart rate monitoring included. Calorie estimates seem low?
The app on my smartwatch is just fine, the problem is the smarphone companion app that isn't intuitive at all.. I only use my watch to count reps, I'd like to have a function to set the number of them and receive a vibration feedback when you reach it (same with the rest time) so I won't have to chek my wrist during the exercise
The app timed out after 30 seconds regardless of watch settings, pausing all timers and tracking, and when the watch was taken off stand by the app needs to be restarted to continue anything. Devs replied and fixed within approximately a week, big thumbs up! Tracking is quite accurate, not perfect, but this app is now my personal trainer guiding me through my own workout. Small suggestion would be adding an option for different reps per set in exercise for supersets, like 8-10-12-12-10-8. Really content!
It would be awesome if in our custom exercises we could have different weight for each set. Such as on bench press, I may want to start at 135 but finish at 225. The same goes for reps on each set. Lastly, on round watches with the flat tire look (moto 360) the save button at the end of the workout is hidden.. It would save a couple clicks on my watch during the exercise if we had this functionality!
A must have, use this all the time for bodybuilding and keeps track of my reps and workout programs. Best of all its free 😎🏋
Can't sync with watch, using oneplus 3 and lg urbane 1st edition
The only thing i want is a personal best area so i know what my max reps are for exersises so i can strive to go harder
The Google Fit integration doesn't work. All it shows is a small window with no button to confirm.
EDIT: Screen timeout no longer occurs with the new version. Fantastic app. Can't wait to see what new features it brings. 4 stars only for lack of metrics and room for improvement in this area.
Not calculating calories properly
Accurate.. Fun... Free!!
App works quick and responsive, fact that you can add your own workouts is very useful, the only big downside is that the android wear app closes after some time,  so that you have to restart the app multiple times during your workout, which is annoying, a always on mode would be appreciated.
wow that's all I can say this thing blew my mind it's excellent ! I was going to change over to Fitbit from a moto 360 2 but this thing is everything I need love this Google needs to buy this and incorporate it into their smart watch wear !
Just what I was looking for. Made my moto 360 so much useful ..
Just had a quick play with this app. Using a Sony Smartwatch 3 is automatically detects basic exercises like press-ups. You can also train it to recognise different movements. Successfully recognised dips with feet on floor. Plus it also logs to Google Fit. Impressed so far 😃
Reset password does not work. Parse site shows successfully updated but app thinks password is incorrect? Server Sync issue?
PLEASE port this over to Tizen for the Gear S and Gear S2 and even gear fit devices to work in conjunction with S Health!
Can't find watch face on my phone or my Zen watch 3 can I have a refund please.
I didn't expect much especially such a fantastic battery life! This watch face looks great and very much complements off the frame of the LG urbane. Great coloring options with endless color selection on the phone app. It's also a nice touch that there are simple pre set colors that are adjusted off of the watch. Great work!!
Brings so much color and style to my watch face on my new LG Urbane. Just found this app and it is really great!Thanks for such a different kind of watchface. Question -What do the 2 numbers on the watchface represent? Thanks again!!
Finally working on LG G watch, my favorite watch face now. Need to be able to adjust the digital time size and switch to 12 hour time (from the watch itself) and this'll be a 5 star face for sure. Thanks to the dev for this one.
The time is stuck on 24 hour mode with no apparent way to fix it.
I love this watch face. It looks really great on my Android Wear watch. But please include an option where I can change the font. Thanks in advance
Very cool looking, a must for Sci fi fashion addicts.   4/5 because it does not have an option to show steps measured. I think it's sort of important.
Absolutely love it. Wouldn't mind a little more widget customization but either way it's the only watch face I'll ever use. A+++++++++
Something TRON related I can show off. Looks great on my Huawei watch
Download it. It's way cooler than the CGI Jeff Bridges. 😀
Brings my Huawei watch screen to it's full potential.
Fixed with the new update!
I absolutely love the theme :)
Just download it.
Love it!!
The watch face looks great. Gets the elecTRONic feel and font just right, and being able to select the color "teams" is great to get my Clu on.  Emailed the developer with a question before I bought the app on a Saturday and  they responded withing a couple hours. Great focus on the customer. Definitely going to get more of thema's watch faces for my moto 360
After some fiddling it seems to work fine.   However the digital readout could be alone without the weird coloured background.   Would make ir much nicer
Thanks for adding 12 hr mode.
Looks nice.  Needs a 12 hour mode (which all faces should offer).  Will give 5 stars when 12 hour mode hits.
I like the idea, but just doesn't look that great on square screens. Shame.
I don't like the look I'm removing.and the display turns off to fast it should have option to have display on longer like others do
Just in short, beautiful look.  If you are wanting tie watch to stand out then get this.
Better than most binary faces. Would like to see options to change size, select color and brightness for low power mode.  There is no need for zero placer on hour. Would also like to have a 99 cent version with no logo, nor HRS with time centered in center of screen, top row with 4 dots, second row with 6 dots.
Would love to see 12hr option.
Great, much better than other binary watch faces but can you take the DoSo off the face?
Nice Idea, its just not my taste . You have to check it out yourself.
huawei waych s6 edge
Beautifully done! Very fun watchface! I'm always looking for something different, a conversation starter.  Nice options & easy to use and edit customization settings.  😎⌚👍
very funny
Like this one too!
But now the app keeps crashing doesn't update weather and doesn't show current phone battery correctly I'm using a pixel xl on 7.1
Finally, a digital watch face that actually works! Would love it if Dev would make the wordings 'moto 360' customizable.
The app refuses to update weather and phone battery life unless I do so manually.
Same style only better! Thanks
When I change the color of the watch face from the watch, the change doesn't stick -- after the screen turns off, the face reverts to its default color. Otherwise, it looks good on my LG Urbane.
All the icons are off place on moto360
Love the look, but many of the icons are off center by a lot.
Very good
Nice
This beautifully designed watch face has a high concentration of useful information always visible with a quick glance. It manages to do this while still looking great. It has the time, date, phone & watch battery levels, missed call count, missed SMS count, email inbox count, and also temperature. I love how you can glance at your watch and in two seconds get all that useful information whereas with the stock watch faces basically have the time and if you're lucky day and date.
The watch face is nice but it crashes a lot. Plus this is a PAID app. What is up with these intrusive ads on my notification bar telling me to download a free iOS app? Not cool, man. UPDATE: Doesn't crash anymore and followed dev's instructions for the notification issue. Now that's some professionalism I can respect. 5 *'s.
If I had one wish, give us more control over the ambient screen, brightness, color, amount of light time. But that should already be incorporated into wear if you ask me. The custom watch face apps offer it so I don't see why wear doesn't.
Ok. Time font should be changed.
Looks professional and very much functional. A good buy. Thanks.
Everything is off center on 360 2nd gen.  Please fix for 5 stars.
Does what it says, good looking
Weather not automatically updating. Phone always connected to internet.
Most digital faces try to hard to look all futuristic but this one is designed perfectly.  Why is the number 1 backwards though? G Watch R
Does what I need and expect.
why I can't change the color of the display
UPDATE- changed to a 3 for the developers quick reply.  Weather updates fine but the phone battery is on some different update schedule.  I'll update my review again after the next release to see if character alignment is fixed for the LG Round.  Phone battery is not working and the AM/PM are under or over the time. Wish it wasn't to late to return for credit.
I like it.
Tried that and no change, app to change the setting keeps on crashing! for no reason, battery  inaccurate on right hand dial shows wrong percent (14%).
Great watch face. Good customization. To bad notifications end up covering the clock.
But weather update feature needs fixation .
Aesthetically looks great, but weather does not update.
Very cool! if setting to the warm color.
I like it a lot. Good job guys!
Does not show up in androidwear app for customization and there is no icon to allow customization from the watch itself. After hunting for 10mins w no luck, I had to refund.
Would be great but the battery percentages and weather are off center on my moto 360 (2015)
Time and other numbers too large and go past borders and overwrite things
Cool but needs update for 42mm
Cool
I gave this app originally a one star rating & uninstalled it because of a battery drain issue. However, I decided to give the app a try again and installed an updated version which seems to have fixed the battery issue. Now I'm totally studied note with the app even though I still believe the interface can be made both more simple & useful
As with other people, i too have an issue with constant refreshing of my phone when the watch is connected. Please fix because i do like the watch.  Here's an idea for the next update, make the app consider Whatsapp, Telegram, or Line calls as regular calls or make them as separate notifications. Now, when i get any calls from those apps, it thinks i just got a new message.
I love the design and the features are great for a hybrid watch. Except for the app design. The stats doesn't show anything in a well established manner. Q legacy app is much more detailed and intuitive. I wish this app shows more details about live sleep and deep sleep atleast. What is the use of a sleep tracker that is unable to show you details of your sleep. Please add this feature so that I'll be happy to recommend this over to others
I own a fossil and a Skagen hybrid smartwatch. They are both made by Fossil, yet the Fossil app is an utter mess! Both apps do the same thing essentially, but fossil favours animations and out of place fonts over intuitiveness and function. I don't want to press every button to find a function!  Please clean it up, the fashion statement ends with the watch!
I appreciate the concept of the app but the constant refreshing is beyond annoying. I read an article or a story and it keeps refreshing to the top or backing out altogether. The refreshing is every few seconds it seems. Have narrowed it down to the Q app. I have disabled Bluetooth so can no longer use the app for all the other features but once I disabled the Bluetooth for the watch everything went back to normal. Now I can only use it for time, date and the step counter. Please fix.
Got a gorgeous watch for my birthday but come to find out the Fossil watch and app cause my Samsung Galaxy s8 to constantly refresh. Can't scroll through Facebook, watch YouTube videos, or even read articles online without it going back to the top of the page every 30 seconds. Extremely disappointed, please fix this
I was quite happy with the app till latest update, which makes the watch respect the phone's silent mode. This is EXACTLY why I hated Android Wear -- why would you want a smart watch if not to be able to keep the damn phone on silent mode?! I wish I can reverse the update. This app, and the watch, are useless now.
Please change back to receiving notifications when my phone is on Do not disturb or at least give the option! The reason I have this watch is so I can silently receive targeted notifications to my Fossil Q device. Otherwise what is the point?  Conversely, now I'm getting notifications for muted WhatsApp conversations, which shouldn't happen.
Do not disturb! Bought the watch yesterday and love it, the app would be fine but it renders the watch completely useless because it won't show notifications if the phone is in do not disturb mode, or even if the phone is on silent. Why would I need the watch to tell me I have a message or a call when the phone is ringing and/or vibrating? Surely the whole point it to be discreetly notified of a call or message from a preferred contact WITHOUT the phone ringing or vibrating!? I can see many others who agree but I am concerned that the response from the developers is not positive. Unfortunately I will have to return the watch while I can as I can't risk waiting to find out if this issue is rectified or not and ending up with a nice but pointless smartwatch.
Just bought the watch a few days ago. Since that day all my apps keep refreshing every minutes. Can I know if you guys are working on something to fix it ? Cos I really like the watch I would be sad to bring it back to the store. 😑
I'm really disappointed the dumped features on the legacy app still haven't been returned in the new one. I don't use the app nearly as much as I used to. It's a shame you don't appear to react to the requests for the features to be reinstated. I live in hope, and will keep using my watch for now. But unless there's a change I won't be recommending to others and will be looking for another product next time. I love everything about the watch except the app's missing features.
Setting calendar notification has a bug: I cannot reassign the number, or even deleting it. It just stays there forever unless I reinstalled the app.  Also, a suggestion on what to do with buttons. It would be great if there's a function to push and call someone specified.
App is nice enough and seems to work fine, but it causes my phone to auto refresh constantly. It's become so frustrating that I'll be uninstalling, rendering the watch nearly useless for anything other than keeping time.
Brilliant functionality and previous connectivity issues have largely been solved. Some requests for the team: The ability to assign one of the physical buttons to call a specific contact. Remove the maximum amount of apps you can get notifications from. I can think of a few apps that I would be more than happy to assign to the same number for notifications. Keep it up guys! Edit: For people having connectivity issues or issues with missed notifications, try turning off Bluetooth then clear all data including cache of your Bluetooth system app. Turn Bluetooth back on and connect to the watch. This solved my issues.
Had to downgrade to a 1 rating due to this app refreshing issue that this app and/or watch is causing. It causes all of my apps on my phone to randomly refresh. It's a widespread issue and fossil has not fixed it. Love the watch but looks like I'll have to go to another brand.
The watch is simply great! Some suggestions: 1. Could you add functionalities for double clicking, long press for these three buttons. This will help the user use all the functions to the fullest. 2. Also, would love to have this watch do more functions.  Amazing concept anyway. In love with the watch.
My only problem with this app is I can't go back & look at my stats. I didn't look at any of my stats yesterday so I don't know I slept or how many steps I took. & thats one feature that I really like about the watch, you guys should fix this.
I LOVE my Fossil watch. Don't get me wrong. Getting into the smart watch game was smart IMO. But man this app is killing me. My phone (Pixel 2 XL running 8.1) refreshes all the time due solely to this. I have to turn Bluetooth off and block the app from running in the background to prevent the refresh. Please help.
I enjoy the app, and while all functions perform properly I wish the latest update did not make my watch silent when my phone is on do not disturb.  I think a good update would allow you to toggle if you want the watch to silence on do not disturb mode or not.  If that was updated, the app would get 5 stars.
The application will not allow me to map the camera function to one of the watch buttons.  There are other shortcut issues as well but this is the most disappointing. I tried calling and email Fossil Q support but never get a response. I'm using a Galaxy S7 with Q Grant. Would be great if support would help. Of course I have checked to make sure that the camera app permission is set.
I stopped recieving notifications from apps (whatsapp, messenger etc.) after the lastest update and the silent mode is an aweful idea. I want to be able to recieve notifications and keep my phone on silent. I reinstalled the previous firmware cause it was great.
The app really needs improvement. When my Bluetooth is on all my apps just keep refreshing all the time. It's such a nightmare. Also the watch doesn't always vibrate when I get a call or text even if the watch is right next to my phone.
The watch doesn't show any notifications when I put my phone into Do Not Disturb mode, making it totally useless. Would prefer an option to overcome this as I have my phone on Do Not Disturb at work but still want to have my watch notify me when I get a notification.
If it's connected to my phone on Bluetooth then my apps constantly refresh, very irritating. Even when it is connected via Bluetooth I don't get any notifications on my watch.
Functional app, not great or bad. Features list is good. However, the last update screw the notifications to respect the phone do not disturb mode. To me that is the point of the watch, to give a notification when the phone is on mute / do not disturb. It really needs an option to toggle this ...
Had to stop using as when connected with Bluetooth,  it causes several apps including Facebook and USA Today to constantly scroll back to the top of the feed or artice you are viewing. Basically any app that has content you scroll down to view, this app keeps popping it back to the top.  Causes youtube video to pause So annoying.  Not sending serial number as you must be aware of thus oeobkem due to many other posts with same issue!  Please fix or returning watch.
Hey guys, can you guys combine the music volume button to have both go up and go down with the same button? Like press and hold for down, press once for up or something of that manner? Be really cool
Hello! I am really loving my Q Accomplice but the problems are with the app. I didnt have problems yesterday when i got it but then this morning, I was not able to change the buttons on the device using the app. They do not appear at all and I cannot change or select presets. Please fix this bug on your app.   EDIT: THEY FINALLY UPDTED IT
Latest Update 1.10. broke the Alarm feature. I can't set Alarms for 12:30 or 12:45 for example (basicly any alarm with 12:xx) since it gets interpreted as 00:xx. It won't let me set alarms for 12:xx.  I can select from 0:00 - 23:59, my phone is on 24h Format so no AM/ PM. My Watch is a Fossil Q Nate Hybrid. -- Furthermore please let us define stride length. Distance is far off. ------ Alarm issue resolved with newer version. Thanks! Stars going up for it.
Since last update (2.2.1) the notifications on my Q Grant don't work anymore.. Even after uninstall / reinstall... So now it's just a simple watch.
Used to work just fine. Now i dont get any notifications ☹️ I have a crewmaster. Edit. Have already done all of that. Checked online for solutions. reconnected the watch. Reinstalled the app. Nothing works.
Many UI and functionality improvements. Don't get notifications for MMS messages on the watch, though.  I appreciate that it doesn't insist that I have the GPS on my phone turned on to interact with the watch any more.
No reply / didn't even read my problem as below - Return watch request recd from Fossil India. That's not solution. That means Fossil cannot correct issue of Fossil make watch !!! Then only GOD is solution.
Fix the refreshing problem then I'll edit my review and don't give me the generic, switch shortcuts button and Uninstalled then reinstall. I have this problem with two different fossil watches and two different phone brands.
Great job guys you finally turn of the features to turn on GPS for syncing. The notification UX is much better. The previous interface is confusing. Keep it up!
This app constantly refreshes the screen and all apps (including keyboards) on Samsung note 8. Confirmed via forum with other users. Loved the watch and capabilities, but if not fixed within the 30 day period, will have to return since that isn't the point of a smart watch.
With all your responses to the complaints going on about apps refreshing and not getting notifications in Do Not Disturb mode is giving me the impression that you don't really care about what your customers need. Honestly the apps refreshing is super annoying but I'm giving it the benefit of doubt that it's a bug you're trying to figure out but why in the world would you not give us the option to push forward notifications while in Do Not Disturb modes. But what do you care. I'll bet you'll just give me the generic cliche answer that has not satisfied anyone who have given their concerns.
Works exactly as expected, very pleased! Living in a dangerous country I would love a panic button on the watch, I'm sure I'm not the only one. Is this possible?
Need more features. Came from Pebble and found out that it's super lack of simple features...
While I'm happy to see that the latest update has removed the unnecessary location permission required to sync there's a new issue that has been introduced. While I can understand the new feature of "notifications now respect phone's do not disturb mode" this ruins the watch for me as the whole point of the watch is to get notified by it while I can leave my phone totally silent (i.e. no ring or vibration). To do that you need to enable do not disturb (alarms only) mode. Due to the update I can no longer keep my phone silent AND get watch notifications which is very unfortunate. PLEASE add a feature to make this optional. That all being said on a positive note it appears connectivity reliability has been greatly increased which is nice to see. EDIT: I appreciate the response but the point was missed. When I mean silent I mean no ring OR vibration on the phone, and only vibration being by the watch. Since Android 7 the only way to do this is via Do Not Disturb (Alarms Only) being turned on which is why I am not a fan of the new update in the regards.
The face worked for a while, but now everything is messed up.  Hands and dials are not aligned.  Contacted developer, included photo, no response. Using Moto 360 gen 2.
Looks unrefined. Flickers when screen turns on before the full face shows.
I kinda like it. Wished it looked a little more refined. A little too cartoony looking. The main reason for the 2 star rating is that when the screen of the moto 360 turns on, only the back dial and numbers appear at first and all the other dials and details appear about a second after the screen is on. Kind of annoying. I hope this gets fixed in the future so I could give this app another try. Until then I'll be getting a refund. Sorry.
4 stars because it letts me have a nice fancy looking analog clock without actually having to read it. I love how there is a little digital clock and date that tells you the time like a SMART watch should. -1 because it takes a little while to fully turn on upon unlocking like almost all other non OEM faces.
Could you please add the same features as your A06 watch face. US date format option and battery percentage please? Love your work! Thank you :-)
its nice! much better than nice if they give other color
Clean
Good
Great
Works well with Huawei watch. Thanks to dev team for quick response. Needs more options in terms of back ground color, perhaps fonts, etc for a 5 Star
The background is grey not even dark grey to complement the blue digits ...Don't have any options to change..
Ok. But would be better if the date format could be day followed by month. Not just month filled by day.
Does not connect to moto 360, gives error no device connected even though it is connected in android wear
Sony SmartWatch 3 & Xperia X
It's ok
Nice design!
didn't work on my sony smartwatch 2
Actually like it more than the Ranger (a paid watchface that I own by the same company). Only glitch in settings, a name change will not stay set, it simply goes back to "classic" which is o.k., but a tad on the generic side. Otherwise, very smooth looking, love it. Surprised they're giving it away!
Everything is fine but the seconds hand doesn't work in ambient mode. It is visible but isn't moving and so I turned the seconds hand off on ambient mode. Please fix that to make the app perfectly awesome.
This is simply one the most elegant watch faces for free in the world. One suggestion, if you let us also customize the lower text as well. Please 😊


Drained my battery in less than 2 hours
Seems to have become my watch face of choice
Drained my battery. Down to 50% by noon.
Wish I could change the color
Very elegance appearance. I love it.
Clean design & actually works! Nice job.
I would like to have more colors
My favourite.. keep on with your exellent performance
No frills elegance
Excellent watch face. Recommended
Needs more colors
Love it, been looking for it!!!
Awsome...Lg g watch
Perfect minimalist face
Simple and elegant
its very good
it's simply beautiful
Thankyou

Ok
Beautiful!!
Good looking
Nice
Good
good
Nice
Nice smart watch face, works brilliantly with zenwatch. Configurable through android wear app. Love it.
Looks great
This face is not sized properly for the LG R. It's too large and cuts off all of the minute marks, Too bad because it looks clean with a nice large date.
Don't need your glasses with this one..  luv the BIG date,  clean face and non intrusive second hand.  Luv it!!
Rebooted both devices and resynced using wear app.
It doesnt opens
A little hard to use
I can't use this application
Thanks for the free app. GBU
Great app and highly customize watch face, just minor bug widget text not show up on LG G watch
Can't understand. Doesn't work on my Motor 360 nor on my LG Urbane.
Very limited, very broken.
Easy to use and has everything I need.
It only took a few days to get bored of it, as in the facts kept repeating. Some of the facts are pretty cheap too, example: "1 is the number of moons around earth." C'mon, really? That's not paid app worthy... It could be something more fun like "1 is the record number of minutes someone solved a 100 piece jigsaw puzzle" or something... You can do better :-)
Cool watch face. Probably will take some days before I read them all since I don't look at my watch every minute. But, the screen of my watch doesn't stay on long enough sometimes to read the fact, if it could be increased or configured, it would be perfect.
Fun and cheap watch face. I've been using it for a day, and because I keep my display always on, and the watchface changes every minute, I was afraid it would burn through the battery. This was not the case at all.   One criticism I have is that on a flat tire screen like the Moto 360, some of the last words on longer pieces of trivia can get clipped. I wonder if this could be fixed by allowing us to change font size, or by shifting up the text.  In general it would be nice if the face was a little more customizeable. As of now, the two things that you can configure are (1) 12 vs 24 hr display, and (2) including the watch battery by the date.  Otherwise, this is a pretty cool and different watch face. I hope that the dev's keep adding more trivia and keep up their good work.
I have been using this watch face since a closed beta and absolutely love it on my G Watch R.  The trivia facts can spark conversation with friends and colleagues and I feel like I am learning more than just the time each time I look down at my watch.  It is helping my smart watch make me smarter.
Easy to read, entertaining facts ... I find myself looking forward to the minute change to see the next one.
I'm not normally a fan of non-analogue watches, but this is a really fun idea. Great watch face with a ton of interesting bits of information.
Looks colourful and works well on SW3, ambient mode looks nice too 😊
A fact per minute and beautiful all the time. I'm in love!
Interesting, different from what you usually find for watch faces. Learn random facts at a glance :)
Pretty neat! Hope more facts are added soon
Nice way to learn new facts.
Looks good, needs customization
So. Fun!
I have been scrolling through many watch faces on Facer and WatchMaster but could not find the exact style I was looking for. Silly me, it was right here all along.
Then I got the ads. Took maybe two weeks. No thank you. Uninstalled. I'd pay for a stand alone of this face but I don't want pizza entertainments companion app and boat ware.
It does not shows the date!!!
Very good
Amazing
It's pretty cool. Has a classic style. Needs date though. Year is pointless.
...date. Really?? Just day and year? Come on. Why don't you add full date to it?
Can you make it an option to remove percent and date?
Great classic look that goes well with a more formal outfit!
Only has day, needs date too.
Subtle.. Classic.. Simple.. Vintage
Excellent
Would be better to show the date of month rather than year,  or both. I thought today was Nov 15.
Classic
I have a lot of faces (for my watch!). After getting this one, i basically stopped looking for, and even switching, then around. It's amazing, useful, clever. I wish i could keep it up and running all the time, but my battery didn't cope. Buy this face, it's completely worth it.
Can't believe this could be done on a watch face. The animations are out of this world. All runs smoothly and so glad you added a lighter version in colour as the free version was always slightly hard to read. All in all great watch face!!
This watch face is absolutely amazing. Please add the option for wood color like ebony, mahogany, teak, brown, etc *especially brown since it match my watch skin. Keep up the good work 🍻
Have to touch tap action several times to get reaponse.
I bought this app and it didn't install on my moto 360 I'm afraid it won't install if I wait for it longer and not be able to get a refund after, I would like to know what happened
This is a beautiful watch face with so many features. Is it possible to change the weather to Fahrenheit or if it is not can you add it in the next update.
Very impressive design. I love it... however I can't seem to figure out how to get the weather from my location... it has all the wrong temperatures
This man is a genius. No one else could possibly make a watch like this!
Absolutely fantastic!
This is a ridiculously incredible piece of art that just so happens to double as a watch face. I can't get over how intricate the design is, and I can't wait to see what this dev comes up with next.
I am at complete awe at the expertise of the developer of this watch face.  This is the best face I have seen to date!
This is a whole different level.  Nothing comes close! Simply amazing!  You have some serious skills.  Love to see you create a steam punk version.
There are so many great watch faces in watchmaker I only buy exceptional ones and this is one.
Would gave a five star just doesn't show digital time on my moto 360...
The developer has clearly put a crate load of time into this watch face, and it shows! This is a beautiful face with all you need. It's only the price of a small coffee, well worth it!  Plus it's unlocked! Great job and thank you.
it runs super slow on my moto 360 2nd gen
Loved the watch but unfortunately it just looks far too dim to keep.
Absolute rubbish does not work on a Huawei Watch,no month,day,date or moon phase window shown correctly,have contacted developer and no response,don't buy it.
Looks great, but showing as October 22nd today. Other watch faces know it's December....
It's doesn't work as advertised. Doesn't display unread counts for email/sms. In addition, the settings menu fails to open. It will force close the app within seconds after attempting to open settings.
Unfortunately the customizations listed on the paid verson's Web page do not indicate that it can change to a dark background.  So for my purposes it's just another one in the herd, and I'll  probably just delete it for now and revisit the site in a month or so to see whether a dark background becomes available.
Would have 5 stars... Favorite watch face it's only downfall is that its supposed to display phone battery along with watch battery, phone battery constantly reads 0%...Any fix for that? Will give 5 stars when fixed
I'm having the same problem with this watch face that a lot of people seem to be having.  Running a Nexus 6 on the latest version of  Android. Every time I try to access the settings, the watch face stops responding so setting can't be changed.
Keeps crashing within the wear app when trying to look at menu options. Plus it does not read the phone's battery. Love to rate much higher
Force closes when trying to go to settings. Phone battery doesn’t show. If these things don't work on free version I am certainly not paying for it. Designed nicely but doesn't work.
The settings app in Android Wear continually crashes. It's a shame because this app looks like it has promise.
for some reason when trying to change any settings on the watch face nothing happens, it just crashes and keeps the watch face as it is. is this app no longer being supported?
Simply, font is waaaay too small. Everyone doesn't have great eyes. Every time I tried to go in settings, it would crash. Uninstalled.
Nice design, but no go on moto 360 2nd gen and moto N6. The app settings crash and the watchface has no interactivity because of it.. bummer..
I was really looking forward to this watchface, unfortunately when you go into that android wear app and attempt to access this apps settings it crashes.
It's fine. The design is nice. Two things I didn't like, and about the uninstall it now: 1) the position of the time when screen is dimmed is different from when it's bright, so it's not so good user experience. 2) phone's battery shows 0% - bug.
Always crashes when you open settings in Android wear. Good looking face though. Would use it as my main watch face if it didn't crash all the time.
Lg g4 with lg g watch. Crashes everytime
Don't touch this! Never! I don't even think that there is a premium version or this trash!
Looks great on my LG G Watch, but I can't open the settings to change anything - force closes every time.
Can't open, keeps closing! Looks nice on my LG G Watch R.
Would give 5 stars if settings actually worked. It's a shame it doesn't work
I really like the watch face but just like others have reported, my s6 can't open the settings for it without it crashing. Moto 360 1st Gen
Looks like a nice watch face.  Unfortunately, settings in Android Wear just causes a crash
Really sharp, but the lack of phone battery working on the face costs it 2 stars. I have a Nexus 6.
Phone battery will not show up... looks odd. Nice face, just need to work out the bugs.
I can get it to show up on my 360 but if I try to access the settings through the wear app I get a "has stopped" message every time. Galaxy s6 on 5.1.1. Tried uninstalling app, didn't help.
Unable to configure, sms and mesage counters remains at 0, phone battery also at 0.  Moto-360 1st gen,  android LG G4 phone.
Uninstalled app because it Constantly shuts down when going to open the settings. I have a moto Z Droid and my Moto 360 2nd gen.
Doesn't work on Android 6.0.1 (s7 edge). Force closes in settings +makes my watch faces crash even if this apps watch face isn't set.
It has always stopped Setting  with moto360 gen1st and motorola's nexus6.I hope it will be fixed.
I can set the face from my Moto360, but when I try to open up settings through the Android Wear app, it crashes.
Every time I try to open the settings,  the whole thing crashes. Shame, because I like it otherwise
Keep on crashing when I go to Settings
No 24hr time, 1pm shows as 0100, which is technically 1am. Phone battery indicator does not work.
Every time I click settings to alter the watch face it just crashes
Tried using the settings and it just says has stopped working so I've deleted it.
Can't change any settings in the app due to it force closing every time, phone battery also does not sync, shame as it looks good.
Can't open the settings ...might as well have installed a nice green text watchface with no phone battery .....
Phone battery percentage always at 0%. Watch face does not work correctly
This app is broken, doesn't work on HTC M8 or Samsung s8, nor does it work on wear 1.5 or 2.0
Unfortunately this application has stopped.
Missing a setting app. No phone battery. Move along....this is not the watchface you're looking for.
Seriously, why is this app even in the store? What a joke.
Thanks for making this app for smart watch.
Thanks for your mind......
Which
It would be perfect if there was an option for a plain black background,  but other than that it's exactly what I wanted for my moto 360 2 .*edited to add: weather stopped updating, which is disappointing. Dropped review to reflect that.
Almost works perfectly on Samsung Gear Live smartwatch. Only the weather did not sync, everything else is great!
Not working on samsung gear fit ?
Beautiful and simple
Beautiful & smooth. Thank you for the free app sale!
Please remove seconds dial from ambient mode, then it'll be perfect.
Crashed on urbane 2....
Best one available. Good always-on. Easy to read. Very luxurious. No regrets.
Excellent.. Very futuristic
Initially I had some difficulty getting the app to work, but contacted Critter and they got back to me very quickly and solved my problem.  Turns out it was just something I needed to do on my end.    I think the face has a lot of potential.  It's good looking and functional.  I look forward to seeing if any additional features or customization are added, but it is very good for a new face.  Having used BCN for a long time now, and knowing how great of an app it is, I definitely recommend the face!
Does not work
Quality of the UI artwork is disappointing.
You don't get what the picture shows but you can get it of you pay $1.02
Fffffffffffffaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeeee
Toronto
H I
Fake
All this permissions for simple watchface? Right...
Has been great for several years. But recently has refused to update, even if I open app & refresh manually. Seems maybe an issue with weather providers for me area? Will uninstall for now but will try it again later. I have greatly loved this app, esp its ability to be set to hone in on tiny local climate areas! No other app is like this. Would be very happy to pay for special features if needed to make this work again as before in my obscure geographical area.
This app's two weather prediction data sources are consistently 3-6 degrees F higher than actual temps as well as other sites like Weather Channel.  Weather prediction that isn't close to reality is useless.  Odd because this phenomenon with the two included providers started happening about 6 weeks ago.  Perhaps it is time to look for a replacement weather app that uses good data sources.
I love the customizability of the widgets, which are not only informative about the weather, but actually function as better clock widgets that the ones for my clock app. My only (tiny) quibble is that there doesn't seem to be a way to display rain probability as a percentage instead of an estimated depth (i.e. in, or mm). All in all I'd say it's a great app.
Quite customizable and not overly informative widget. My gripe lays in non symmetrical hi/lo placement (should be centered to weather icon). Also, could use distinct color options per time, date, forecasts. Developer should group similar settings (eg. Units: imperial vs. metric, then the specifics to each class). As is but a roster with addendums.
Nice and simple but could do with a widget with 24 hour clock on it. Also not compatible with my tablet. On watch the app doesn't display properly. Rating due to the compatibility problems which weren't previously there and developer doesn't respond to emails
It's amazing application. It does what it supposed to. I use it for just what it is, weather and time. I do not know what else this application does, but it's worth it and it has remove the ads option which all the applications should have. I hate ads, because spyware and viruses can wreck your phones. BUY IT! 5-Stars!
Installed on all 4 of our Android phones, 3+ years running. Mom & Dad use the paid AccuWeather app for digging into detailed daily forecasts, especially for destination planning. But nothing beats this app for a "Weather & Clock" homepage widget. Ideal layout and appearance customizations couldn't be better. Especially appreciated is the calendar and clock sections of the widget can be configured to launch whatever calendar and clock apps you want. Can't even think of a small complaint (maybe more fonts?). Works beautifully with Nova Launcher too. Highly recommended.
What the hell is wrong with some of these weather apps? My location is almost my exact address but the location on the widget is shown as London. London is a big city. I've known it be raining in one part and not in another.
Love the clock and extended daily weather reports. I had given this app a 5 however something has changed.  The temperature shown is no longer the current temperature, it usually from a past day.  To get the current temp I have to either go to another weather website or dig deeper into the app.  Disappointing as I believe I paid for this app.
😎 The accuracy of your weather reporting has increased quite a bit.  The graphics are better then average. For the time being 🇨🇭🇨🇭🇨🇭 stars are a fair deal. To be honest there is NO Wx program which deserves 5 stars,  unless you download Aviation METAR. I'm a retired professional  pilot for 40 yrs. You can't control the Wx. to your liking unless you have the key to HARP. Have a good day, Gulfstream
Used this app for years, sure it's had it problems but nothing else comes close to this app. Has extra features an all but the widget and the forecast is pretty much accurate most of the time. Keep up the good work.
As others have said, temperature reading from 2 providers are different from each other and different from google. Its useless App if it cannot add more providersand provide consistent reading.
This is my favourite Weather Widget. However a couple of things need fixing: 1. Ad Free and Paid versions use same icon. Google Play listing shows a '+' sign on the paid version. This does NOT display when you install on handset. So, confusion as to whether you are using Paid or Free versions. 2. Ticking box to display temperature in status bar DOES NOT WORK.  Developer - please fix. Will uprate to 5 Stars if above fixed.
I contacted run previously on this app suggestion but have had no response..  I'm friends with a lot of people who use celsius although I still use Fahrenheit...  My suggestion was to have both Fahrenheit and Celsius display without my having to click open the app Quick Settings find the fahrenheit and change it to Celsius... Phew.  You could have this option: Low   f/c High f/c
It's raining now, but says it's cloudy. If I am in Philadelphia Center City and it's raining Weather 2 said it's cloudy but Foreca says it's raining. If I am in East Oak Lane, Philadelphia and it's raining, Foreca says it's cloudy and Weather 2 says it's raining. They even gave different temperatures most of the time. Please use a better weather provider. I must say this is the most beautiful widget I have ever seen, I can also use my own photos to customize it, also you can change the home screen widget to any color of the rainbow.
I use it on my home screen. I have the time access to clock and all clock features, also detailed weather.  Even a basic view of the week. I think there are alerts on the app as well. I dont really have a use for them so i rave a lot of the extras turned off. Set right, its low battery drain.
I tried most other wx apps. Bought some.  ALWAYS come back to this one. Just wished they had better providers, but really can't complain. Would be nice if it had radar
It does't update. I have to update it myself  all the time to get correct temp. I'm always changing it from foreca to myweather2 which is ridiculous. Didn't use to have to do it.
I love this app except for one small problem. It occasionally does automatically update, including the current time, unless you tap the manual refresh. Other than this it is a great widget, but I can't rely on it for a quick check of the time.
Would be perfect and everything I need for a multi-timezone clock and weather widget, except for one minor glitch. When using 24-hour time, it still says p.m. for the evenings except, it's morning. So, for example, right now it is 8:45 in the morning but, it says 08:45 pm. Firstly, in 24 hour time, it should not have a.m. or p.m. Second, it shows p.m. for the mornings. Like I said, a minor glitch that I'm sure can be fixed in a future update. Other than that, it's excellent. So much so, that I paid for the full version after installing and trying out and many others before this one. If you fix this minor glitch, I'll be sure to go back and give the full five stars and revise this review.  Update: Now, it shows PM all the time. I just noticed! Just like in your first picture of examples!
What on Earth is the use of a weather widget that won't update? I don't want to know the conditions 8 hours ago I want to know them now. If you can't fix this thing stop being dishonest and don't sell it. I see other reviews on here letting you know about this problem. Why haven't you fixed it yet?
I've used these widgets for 4 years and loved them. Since installing it on my new Samsung 8s+, it doesn't update unless I do it manually. Hate it.
I am rewriting this review. Initially, I gave this app a high rating and a favorable review. After purchasing the app and using it awhile, I have discovered that the stats on this app range from incorrect to erroneously. Nice looking widgets...terrible forecasts. Avoid is my advice.
It shows wrong city n widget. I am in Henderson NV put it keeps showing San Francisco. I have tried 3 times to remove and correct and still happens
The widget itself is perfect for what I wanted, but the forecasts were never really accurate. Temp was ok, but I lost track of how many times I got caught in the rain and how many times I carried around a large umbrella waiting for rain that never came - extremely annoying
I loved this app, but it does not update the forecast.  The only way it updates is to add my zip again and it says provider doesn't work and I select the other one.  But I don't want to do that all day.
I love this app and how it looks. However, it only has 2 weather providers which are very inaccurate for Sweden. Two says ago it claimed the temp was -5 when it was +3. Please add more providers.
UPDATE,  12.8.2017: SADLY,  I WILL PROBABLY REMOVE THIS APP.   IT HAS NOT UPDATED ON ITS OWN FOR NEARLY 2 YEARS.  ALWAYS IS 6 -8 DEGREES HIGHER THAN REAL VALUES NOW.  MONSTER SLOW EVEN WHEN MANUALLY UPDATED, IF IT WILL UPDATE AT ALL!  I HAVE THE PAID VERSION,  AND IT KEEPS TRYING TO BILL ME!  IT WAS SUCH A DELIGHT.  WORTHLESS TO ME NOW. SAD. WONDER WHAT HAPPENS DEVELOPERS QUIT CARING. OH WELL... HERE I GO AGAIN ...  I'VE USED THIS APP FOR SEVERAL YEARS. ONE OF THE VERY BEST EVER! I AM SO PROUD TO GIVE A REVIEW OF AN EXCEPTIONAL PRODUCT!ACES IN MY BOOK!
This app is awesome! It tells me the barometric pressure, humidity, next alarm, and has customizable transparency. There are so many things on this that are useful. I have not noticed any bugs in the recent versions. Keep it up!
The weather options aren't very accurate for Australia. The best weather app I've seen for AUS is willy weather. Any chance of adding support for them?
Now it is showing past days instead of forecast of days ahead. It doesn't update. I have to go into settings and change the weather provider for it to update. I am going to have to find another weather app.  Very sad it was so good.
It's beyond me why after few years you still can't add option for widget background to take full horizontal space available. The widget looks shrinked vs other widgets on my homescreen.  Otherwise good job.
For myself it's pretty much perfect. However, I seem to have a missing mist/fog icon on my favoured widget.  Still, 5 stars.
Very good app. The only problem: can't display two widgets for 2 different locations at the same time. But I recommend it nevertheless
Was working fine since installed long time ago now will not update?! Useless as it is now.
This is the best weather app I have tried, and I tried about twenty.  Got the paid version because I hate ads.  Try it and customize it, you'll love it. ;)
This app has something like 25 beautiful widgets to choose from, and the ability to access your clock and calendar apps from the widget is a great idea - but recently, the app refuses to update, even if the refresh button is hit manually on my Samsung galaxy tab, running Nougat... Or it takes an hour after booting to do so, making the app next to useless. Please fix soon!
Really like this app, very informative and easy to use. Suggestion, when looking at 5 day screen if I tap on one of the days, that it takes me to that days' hourly page.
Great - LOVE the 10 day forecast - LOVE the ≈43 notification events (I use showers/rain/storms - it's very dry here). One of your forecast suppliers is fine too often - the other shows accurate cloud cover and rain. I know that USA apps don't forecast well in Australia🇦🇺.
Incredibly inaccurate on current temp, although forecast daily temp range is pretty solid.  Also as a widget, clunky interface for multiple stored locations.
It dies after 10 secs. To late for a refund. Ripoff rubish dont do it
I like the design, fits well on Sony SWR50
Please add changeable background option
Downloaded on my motog but not visible in the app drawer.  After downloading,  where has it gone?
Would get that fifth star if I could change the color.
i see it's good :D
Yes
Always liked this watchface but, since Wear 2.0 update, if you long-press to go to settings, the watch returns in square face mode on my LG Urbane, which has a round face. Hopefully a bug which will be fixed soon.
Simple and looks like a glow in the dark watchface.  I really like it...I would go 5 stars if it had a weather option.
Stop adding more steps to use watch.
It won't go on my watch. Thought it looked cool but looks like an app on my phone but doesn't download on my watch or have the option to on the app. Very very very dissatisfied. Give me my money back
Can you add one more setting to the ambient mode so I can adjust the brightness for ambient mode please...
love the watch face. looks great.
Please add transparent peek cards!
I couldnt improve it. Love the full ambient.
This watch offer no customization Missing weather phone call and messaging but huge propaganda watch name
I really think there should be the option to choose either the dials or just a numeric option for the %s. The face would be 5 start if it were to have that option.
Modern fonts and colors that really make the Urbane look even more amazing.
Thank! Exactly what I was looking for.
Awesome ambient mode.
Nice face!!!
Upon closer examination, it is not the one hogging the battery. This is a nice to look at watchface. Wishing there are other sensor displays on the face in the future.
Was worried that the ambient mode would use too much battery but it doesn't. It looks great and functions great. Kudos. 5 stars if could change colors.
Would love it if I could remove the numbers except 12 and 6
One of the best watch faces I have downloaded.
Mine only installed one watch face, where is the 2nd one?
Nuff said looks great
Nice!
Having an extra app for managing this watchface is unnecessary, considering there aren't many useful options. I want to be able to adjust the active time (to 15 seconds). It would also be great to eliminate the "6" or bump it up slightly. It's cut off by the Moto 360's flat tire. Other popular watchesfaces account for this.
Never showed up on Android wear or their app after paying. Got refund.
Constant reminder of one of the greatest games. Makes me want to jump through some paintings.
Worst application I ever seen 🔥👎
I installed it. Checked my apps. WHERE IS IT????
Well wear is it?
I THINK YOU SHOULD PUT MORE COOLER STUFF
Don't like it Wrong Language, Dosn't Work
Damn thing stop showing the time after I got it set would not bring the time back up just show up background piece of crap
Nice big time
I HAD to delete even tho, I almost loved it.....  2 things put me off 1, I wanted to get rid of the "PM"  2, I wanted to get rid of the "TIME ZONE INITIALS"  If I could do more personal settings and get rid of the 2 above, I'll re-install. ...... let me know if you make these changes.  In 24hr mode, you don't need pm/am notifications. Time zone should be a choice.
Please add options to add a small day of month on the gameboy screen as well as not going black and white since that doesn't save battery for everyone.
Great little watch face, especially for the nostalgia factor! But, as others have said, it WOULD BE AWESOME if the buttons would link to your phone apps like pedometer, messaging, etc. Still, great watch face to have!
Would like the date in "Wed 09" format.
Animated tetris please
Does not work in my sony Smart watch 3
i dont know anything how to do this, when i tried to look at it its only pictures
I really needed this thank you so much
It's amazing
Love it
Now u can know when a new session is coming out kind of a bummer  because I half to wait 173 days for next episode
Please add a settings button wear it tells you it's time to watch Doctor who please. Because I accidentally hit the wrong time zone and it won't let me switch it.
Now I know to the second when the next doctor who episode is.    If you are a whovean like me you need this app
It keeps saying its time to watch doctor who when it isn't. Doctor Who series 10 is on 7:20 pm. This app is crap do not download it.
It tells me wen the next episode of doctor who is on
It's good. It does exactly what it says on the tin. It just needs updating... So I guess it doesn't do what it says on the tin currently. But when it's up to date, it's good.
Well I guess I can't  get to mad but the games still did not work!
New episodes start in a week or so and nobody bothered to update this app
Good but it should be updated for season 10
Good best
Cool Awesome
I watch BBC UK in the Netherlands. Is there a way to set a custom time zone?
Working great, love it.
Brilliant little app!  Thanks so much for implementing the widget!
This great when I first got it it didn't work now it's fantastic
I love this app its awesome but the times need changing on it as tonight's episode is on at 19:45 rather than 21:00 but all around this app is awesome I love it
When got again this time it shows which one is on and I am really excited to know when it is 5 days from today !!!!!! Thank you for making this game . You must download this app ! ! !
But this is awesome. Would love to see a watch for the Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, The Flash, Arrow, Wayward Pines. Even better if we could put it to any show, title it, set the countdown, upload our own photos for the theme, etc. Now that'd be really cool. 👍
Doesnt work say unknown but next episode is September 19th
Ok its not an error it does not know the next seiries
It does not know when the next episode is
Galaxy S5. Doesn't work. Uninstalling.
It's September and this countdown still isn't updated. Really?
I want to see the countdown to series 9
Last Christmas airs the 25 of December
Can you please add Australia
Went wrong last night please fix would give it 5 stars if you did
I think this is incredible if I didnt get this I would of missed doctor who!
Please add an option for us in America
Does this remind you when the next episode is on, or do you have to manually open the app pm your wrist and check it?
Still doesn't know about the new season in 3 weeks time.
It's terrible ands ends on husbands of river song
Does not work on my android phone deleting it
It lied about the times it said the episode was on &gt;:-(
It just won't work
He said 8t was zing it tells ml him wen the the next episode is
It looks nice but for some reason does not show the date as illustrated
Didn't work on LG Style
My new favorite watch face. Last favorite watch face is watch face of Ben which is very creative and unique.
Very decent and clean watchface
Very nice watch face. I like the idea mentioned about having coloured dots or ticks for hours 3, 6, 9 and 12. I have the option of using the GPS or network for weather, It would be good if the watch decided if the GPS was on it would use that, if not then it would use the network. I am also seeing a long string of random numbers instead of the temperature on the Sony Smartwatch 3. I am not keen on the colour schemes. The only reason that I don't use this generally is that the ambient mode looks blocky.
Some more tweaks would be nice. Like an option to make the dials linear. I am not a fan of the thick to thin shape. Also being able to change color or remove the gray circle around the middle would be nice. At last the brightness in ambient mode. I am guessing it's not possible to make it brighter, but if it is, that would be a nice option to have. Btw, it looks like the red preset have the weather icon in a slight more dull red than the rest.
It looks very nice, haven't found anything similar or cool lucking yet. But for a paid watch face it's lacking a lot of things. Things I would like to see: other date formats, not a fan of the current one. Haven't seen it show weather a single time, it's either a bunch of random numbers or it an error picture. Would be neat to have different configurations for always on face and the active one. A few different stiles, the middle circle looks odd to me.
The UX on the watch to change the watch face is so stupid. Please make an app on the phone to do this. Would have been so much easier
When opening the menu on the phone to fine tune options it just opens to a empty screen. Additionally cannot seem to change any settings on the watch itself.
I really think it's a great looking watch face, but the date and battery data just clutters the face. Would be nice to be able to move them up to the top.
It looks good but it is buggy which makes it difficult to personalize. Otherwise I would rate this watch face higher.
Nothing much to say other than I'm very pleased with the update :)
Dear Developer,  Would request you to refund my amount since this watch face doesn't works properly. I am not satisfied with this watch face.  Thanks. I am uninstalling it.
Very difficult to customize anything. Settings screen exits after each item I try to set. Most of the times the setting is not saved.
Very fast help, manual location would be better.
Dear developer, please allow us to customize the color of the middle gray circle!
Thirded for the suggested hour dots, tick marks, numbers.  Otherwise, great design, great customizability, good on the battery. Thanks!
Superb very elegant design great job thanks.
Looked cool. Not working at all, was looking forward to checking it out.
Very nice. Crisp and clean!
Love the customization options. Using with my LG Urbane.
Nice uncomplicated design
I love it
So,... after some instruction from the Dev, I now see MY mistake. Still my Fave and wont change until Ameri watch face does the same as glowsticks in terms of options. Great work and thank you for your efficient and suberb work
Rating up to 5 stars now since the last update fixed pretty much all of the problems I had before. Nice work developers. Keep up the good work.
I am really enjoying this new watch face. I understand the design is geared towards being a minimalist look, however I have a suggestion for some possible future features: could you add in showable/hideable hour tick marks? Something as simple as dots at 3,6,9 and 12 would look great I think. Also allow them to be colored and this watch would be perfect! Keep up the excellent work!
Love the design, but i experience constant bugs after updates. I wish this app just stays the same, with no further updates. After the last update the weather icon is always blue (for some reason), and there is no custom option to match the rest of the colors. I was quite happy with the previous iteration.
Is there an option to not have the hands dim in ambient mode?
Nice, clean and customizable watch face! Lots of cool color combinations! I'm rocking all cyan with a red seconds hand. Only complaint is the font for the date and battery, a cleaner one can be used imo.
I had an issue opening on my LG g watch.  That updated software within 1 day.  Awesome!
Cool design. But it drains battery. Definitely a five-star app if battery drain issue is fixed.
Perfect, kudos to the dev!
Amazing feedback from the developer! The last 2 updates made this watch face even more perfect. Keep up the great work! Just one small bug that I found, the "half moon" icon in ambient mode for weather is cut in half. Just to a minor visual bug.
One of my favorite faces
The initial settings were much simpler and better. Now it's too complicated to always have to set each color... You could provide presets. Also give ability to reset to default...
Great look overall but I'd like the ability to customise more on the ambient screen (hands only and larger) and also to completely disable the faux Chrome ring since this looks bad on the LG R which already has a metal ring..
Great watch face,  just remember to tap the watch face in the Android wear app on the phone to change the settings instead of using the settings on the watch itself.
Can't  open the app
Love the watch face, just wish the date could glow like the battery meter. But still a great job, thanks. Update.. Great response as always from the Dev, all issues resolved. Now a well deserved 5 stars
If anything, I'd have a plain black background but I'm happy with it just the way it is.
It LOOKED like it was going to be a really sleek black background but it isnt.  Times out too quick and the ambient mode is hideous.  I had high hopes.
Paid for the install and it didn't work, tried to reinstall no luck.  No refund either so good luck.
Cannot access it useless app
The airplanes move around the clock in a circle too! It also tells you how much battery life you have left.
The best watchface
I really love this watchface, but I really, really miss having a 24-hour clock. Could you please add a customization option for a 24 hour clock?
Initially it work well for two days but now it's not letting me use any premium services.. I m not able to open lock which u have placed on watch face itself.. It has stopped all asses of premium features.. Please help me.
Since all the smart watches I have looked into have been androidware wouldn't it be wise to make this app compatible with such devices? That said it works well on the Z3 compact!
Is this not compatible with android wear?
Works great on standalone smartwatch zgpax s6... I would gladly pay or donate (thru play) for this!
On my LG G Watch R.
Everything you need just on your watchface. Elegant and functional! PERFECT
works great on my macwear m7
excellent pour ma truesmart
Excellent Job!
Like
Wonderfully thought of interface. Amazing.
Not working on Android wear
Great faces, don't quite fit the Zenwatch 3 perfectly or have a ton of settings so that's why it's only 4 stars. Either way great looking faces, keep up the great work!
I like these because of its minimalistic nature. They're simple, not overcrowded with information, but just the ones I need (I do wish I had an option to change the type of info that's displayed). Further more, the dark background fit my AMOLED display, which in turn saves the battery life of my watch.
No really great color options but what is there works decently well. If these were broken out into their own package it would be so much better as I only like 2 of the 5 there are.
Great minimalist watch faces! My only complain is that it doesn't fill up the display and makes my watch display look smaller than it actually is.
App looks great, but isn't compatible with the 3rd Gen Fossil Q Explorist. Will update review if this changes in the future.
It neither shows up in the dials of my Moto 360 nor in the android wear app on the phone Guys pls reply.... Why am I having this issue
And thanks so much for not making an icon show in my app drawer. You're doing it right!
Downloaded it and I only had the option of chrono, don't know how that's supposed to be 5 different designs
I really like these minimal faces, but badly want them to support complications.
Best minimal watch faces will definitely be sticking to these, some new designs would be nice
This is finally, finally, after looking passively for months, the watchface for me. I've been looking for minimalism, with the lines around the edges, a seconds counter, and the date. This is exactly what I need, the style and minimalism is perfect. Please dear God make more.
doesn't work for Moto 360, what a shame.
Best looking watchfaces in the whole play store, but please support complications from wear 2.0 and also please adjust the watch size for huawei watch 2, they all look small on the watch.. like the timelines aren't in the corner of the screen
Doesn't fit Huawei watch 2 or else would be perfect 5
Great design but doesn't fill screen on LG Style.  Please fix and will be perfect!
I have install it but i cant view this watchface on my android wear. How to use it?? Please help. I use zenwatch
They are great, but they will be even greater if you support complications for AW2.0, PLEASE.
I like the look, but I wish you can control what apps shortcuts you can put on the face. I could do that, this'll be 5 stars
My cup of tea! However would of been nice if we have the option to edit the complications.
Exactly what i was looking for, simplistic, clean and modern look. Great job!
Cant open or find app. Cant find it on watch. Moto 360 gen 2
Very well designed but would be much better if they included complication support for better customization
These faces look very nice and clean, but card previews cover the faces.
Great looking faces. I wish I could get the second hand to always stay on. Please add this for 5 stars.
Very nice collection of watch faces, not much customization but very nice design.
Waiting for the paid version! Please make more watch faces with more functions. Your sense of design is unique!! Awesome!
It's good but the cards cover the time which makes it useless.
It would be nice too see complications on these watch faces
All five are good looking in my Asus watch. Very attractive and well designed...
It doesnt load on my ZenWatch :(
SO BEAUTIFUL! PLEASE CREATE MORE DESIGNS LIKE THESE (with more customisation)
Like it but how do you change watch face
Simple, minimal but perfect!Design is classic,but that make this watch face timeless 👍🏾
Love this pack, especially Pulse. Each face looks amazing.
The best watchfaces so far, elegant, minimalist, clean and with support for round screens.
Would love to see customizable complications
Great minimalistic watch faces, would like a bit more customisation
I would love to see a step counter on the ultra widget!
Love the faces but i think they should have more customizability
Simple but elegant, just what I've been looking for!
Great looking watch face, plenty of features without having to buy pro version.
Very nice, one of my favourite watch face
It is a very nice watch face i really enjoyed its UI. Keep it Up
Developer doesn't respond
On my GWR, it looks great. Wish I could change the style if the hands and colorize them too. No ambient colors?
G watch R. When I set it from the watch, it just keeps crashing.
Cool app that have amazing rotation looks eoic on my moto 360
Can not customise It does not do as advertised
Cool app
Very simple and nice. I didn't know of the hidden digital time and must say it shows good creativity on the part of the author.
If like me you just want to run times this app is just the ticket. There no need to carry a phone. The free version does all you need... it's so good I bought the paid version, just to say thanks to the developer for his hard work.
Does what it says the best way compared to other interval timers
Just what I was looking for! I don't need the phone to run this app.
I love the concept and the app itself, when it works. However, even with the last update, syncing between phone and watch is not very good. And on my watch(maybe yours too) changing colors is not incredibly consistent. All in all its still fun to use but could use improvement.
O I love it
Very nice color selection, but it doesn't always work when you try to select a new color from e watch. If I access the app from my phone it's instantaneous. I have the ASUS Zenwatch 2, which occasionally freezes up, so not really sure if it's the watch or the app. Other faces seem to work fine, though.
Nice colors, but it would be nice to have options to change how long the screen stays active. The beautiful gradient colors only stay on a few seconds.      EDITED TO ADD : I guess the limited time the screen stays active is a fair trade off since the battery life is phenomenal with this watch face. I easily get 2-3 days between charges instead of less than a day
The gradients are beautiful and a lot of choices. On the other side, changing gradients in the watch doesn't work (it only works in the phone app). Anyway, a great watch face!
This is a very simple, colorful watchface. The gradients are good quality. Would love it if it had option to show weather and disable the animated seconds dot.
I love changing my watch face to match what I'm wearing.   It makes all my outfits look finished.
Watch faces won't change, stuck on default color! Doesn't work on samsung gear!  Refund or fix please!
Looks great on my Sony SmartWatch 3 but doesn't show on Android Wear for some reason. Good choice of colours too.
Nice for what it is, but was expecting more customization options. Change clock font, create your own color combos would be nice.
Title says it all! Looks good and is a nice simple face
But would like an option to change timeout
But I can't change colours.
Works perfect with Huawei watch. Simple and beautiful.
Would give 5 if you could change the color of the the time to white to whatever color you want
Nice choice of colors but be good to be able to change number colors also.
Very beautiful colors but lacks customization
Just what I was looking for
I love it. It looks great!
Maybe some more customisability
Colour are too cool
Great reflection of colours
Good one
Beautiful
Utter bullshit. Unable to change gradients on my moto 360 2nd gen.  Reply: Yes, tried from both watchface and from inside app settings on my phone. Doesn't update changes. Work on a fix.
Wear watch faces, this app display, some bright, very colorful and beautiful faces. Love the vivid and visual color. Great job guys /gals keep striving for greatest.
Great  app for Android wear.  Use on my LG Urbane without any glitches and no noticeable battery drain.
I will change it to five if you add more options (disable date, etc)
Got this for my moto 360 and for some reason I can't change the colour in setting it just stays as default
One of the best watch faces available.
Great!
I would love it if it changed automatically over time
Simple, colourful, looks great and good on battery. 5 star, well done developer
Shiiiiiny
Did u change the shapes of the numbers... I installed this month's ago but the numbers had a different font. Am I right???
Cool watch face :) Simple, clean, minimalistic and colorful :)
Great colors and everything, but I didn't think it was worth my money.
Doesn't work on my q marshal. Want refund!!
Works fine, looks okay, nothing special or unique about this one.
Color won't change
Good looks but has limited functions.........also Most antivirus software reports a problem with this app. Add some functions and sort the virus warning trigger and I'll definitely give more stars.
Looks good but needs more color options and more side bars like weather on the face as well.
Redone face looks good on the LG G Watch R! The bottom is just a *bit* too dark, but do like the contrast. Just needs a few extras (battery icon, etc). Nicely done!
Too tailored to the moto 360 and the flat tire. Lots of people have android wear that is not the 360. This face is incomplete.
Nice looking but its missing an critical feature.  When doing interval training such as Sprints, there is a warm up and cool down phase.  Most other phone timers include this as part of the cycle.  It's really not usable without this.
Don't really see the user of this. Unless I'm missing something. It doesn't vibrate when intervals are over, or change color woken intervals are over so you have to keep reading the watch. The only notification odd a beep through the phone, do you might as well just use a phone app. Needs to focus more on function, not design.
The app is very simple and useful and is exactly what I was looking for. The only thing I would change is to make the alarm customizable. It only vibrates 5 sec before the time and I need to be notified 10 sec before the lap is ending.
Nice look but missing too much. Can't see remaing time over 1 minute. Can't see how many reps are completed or remaining. No ringsound in my blutooth headset. No way to set a warning buzzer time.
It would be nice if you could hide it from the phone's app drawer. There is no need to see it there. It's just clutter.
Decent enough if it's running in the foreground, but not in sync and doesn't always vibrate if the watch goes into ambient mode. What's the point of a vibrating notification if you have to keep the app in the foreground all the time for it to work properly?
It's great and works perfect on my asus zenwatch 2 but it's missing a feature to repeat the timer with a end rest period.
Minimun resting time is 10sec, the up is good but if the minimun resting time could go to 0 would be perfect. Thanks
Doesn't persist, must run in foreground on watch
Does exactly what it says
Phyoe 30
Can I choose to have less warning when the interval is ending?  My wrist buzzes for so long that with short intervals it's buzzing nearly all the time.  I'd prefer a quick double or triple buzz, or perhaps some noise, right when the interval ends.
It's pretty good, however I would like to be able to use another timer jn my workout to alternate to other leg for example so I would like to be able to do 30 work - 30 work - 15 rest
But the UI on the phone is confusing
This is the interval timer app that i've been looking for. And also free but not all of them. But overall still ok.
Not moving to watch fast enough
Great timer that does not need to be set up on the phone. Completely free unless you want additional color themes!
Seems to be having issues since 5.0.2 update.
Simple, easy and works. Anything beyond that should be. Perfect for boxing (using with your smartphone alarm, course).
Solid interval timer, visually lovely. The only development I'd like is the ability to save preset interval combos.
Add a step counter and you'll be 10/10, 5/5
Very good for interval running
The app always crashes if kill it and then open it by tapping on the its icon in Phone's apps menu. Please add turning off the workout, for those who use the rest ONLY
Great job, worked exactly as expected and nice design!
All you download is a store.
App works as intended. Easy and simple to use. However, the only draw back is the screen has to stay on in order for it to work. When you try to turn off the screen, the app turns off as well. Hope the devs could figure out a way to allow the app to work while in standy mode because this will drain the battery even more. 4/5
Bubble cloud launcher users would appreciate if the app would let the screen turn off. If they need, they can start WIT in sticky open mode. thx
I use Bubble Cloud Widget's mini launcher on the watch, I'd like to be able to sticky start interval timer.  thx
Gui doesn't display all the information needed that's readable at a quick glance.
Would love a warm up/warmdown option so it contains your complete workout
Current/next event name. I can't read precise time from this watchface.
Would donate to remove the logo, then it would be perfect.
Wastes soo much baterrryyy All gone in like 1hr
I can build better faves at watchmakers. Dont waist your money.
Compass mode and phone battery not working on Huawei Watch. The compass scale appears but doesnt move. Phone battery level is always at 100%. Would be great if it has more features such as Steps counter, calories and weather... And maybe an option to hide the watch icon from the App Drawer. But I am still using it as I simply love the design!
It's cool for sure but it looks a bit cluttered on LG Urbane because of the details on the edge... and I wish there's options to add glow effect to hour and minute hand. It's a bit hard to see sometimes with most details are overlapping in white colour as well
I was really looking forward to seeing how this looke don my Moto 360. The idea is great and it's such a beautiful design for a watch but this face doesn't do it justice. It's almost there but the image doesn't seem to be sharp enough. The dullness actually makes it a little hard to tell the time, every time my watch lights up I actually strain my eyes a little trying to figure it out. I know it must be difficult with all the black, but the watch could benefit from some sort of shadow, make the hands a little more 3D
Compass is fake "W"is always at 0900 and does not move. Batteries for phone and watch don't work. Timer for on/off can't be adjust. The only thing good about this watch is the look. But it is over price at $2 I kept it because I like the way it looks.
I have a moto360 that the compass/minutes mode not work. Can you verify this issue and fix those? The compass don't move.
The clock and numbers ain't sharp as images shown in description. Compass isn't accurate.
The overall image quality of this watch face is sub-par. For 2.00$ I'd expect to have something with some clarity. All my other watch faces look crisp, this one is fuzzy. At first I thought there was something on my screen but nope. I'm using a Note 4 and Motorola 360.
Love this watchface.  Easily configured, great options.  About the only option that would be really nice to have/add, is to be able to change the color of the watch hour/minute hands to provide some extra contrast.
POTUS
I refunded my money back and broke a new record! Lol no way.
Cannot get the free ones to load to my watch. Not going spend money and STILL not get one to load!
Ordered a watch face, but another got installed.  Wanted to refund, but that wasn't possible 😕 so be aware... No refund possible...
I went for the subscription and now looking at the collection of faces (barely 20 in numbers), I think I just wasted my money
Initially i was facing some problems, but now it works flawless with some really nice faces that covers compatibility and suitability ....
Charged twice for same watch face, still won't download to watch because when I try and send it, the app tries to charge me AGAIN....seriously????
When I click free watchfaces it says "apply (insert name here)" and nothing happens. When I click the dots it says "synchronizing with the smartwatch" and nothing happens. Anyone know a fix?
It just says  synchronizing  and please  help how to activate it in my DZ09
It dosent allow china fundo.
I have the smart watch dz09.   I  choose the free want  and can't load to my watch
Not enough square shaped faces for the LG G Watch.
nice collection of watch faces but needa to add more choices.
Found the Disney watch face which is similar to the Apple watch!!
Paid for face and it won't install not recommend
Simply Amazing and super easy to use
Not working
Nice mickey mouse face
Nice app easy to use
Great watch faces.
Brilliant
Cool mouse face very colorful and good on the battery. I love it when developers are quick to fix issues so 5 stars =) great job.
Thank to the developer for answering my issue quickly. I am back loving this. Once again great job guys.
Terrible. Dull. Too many purchase faces.
Lost of nice feee watch faces will be buying full version
Like the Mickey face. Looks good even on my Square LG.
Nothing special.
Works great
Doesn't connect to my Moto 360 with this latest update. Phone Note 3.
How do you apply the Watch face? I'm clicking on them and nothings happening
I have the Huawei watch and this app does not show up on the watch when I install it.
Has some of the better watch faces
Best variety of watch faces. Great
Like the Mouse
Awesome App!
nothing added free in the update just a redesign and new icon . the 3 free watchfaces they say was added  was already in the old version.
Ability to change designs daily.
I like the idea of this app, but it's not working quite right for me. I tap the watchface I want to use, it says it's been set, but it doesn't work. I've even tried waiting a couple of minutes.
I uninstall and reinstall and the 'Buy now' banner is still on a watch face I had recently purchased. After clicking on it, it asks me to buy it again.
must say, just to get the "Mickey Mouse" face as a free option is worth the 5 stars on its own, would like to see more faces like that even if it's at a cost.
Can only select 1 face for Urbane from this app, and it's hideous. Fail.
I thought when I gave up my moto 360 I would never see the simple yet very elegant moto 360 standard watch face. So glad to have it on my urbane!
Would give 5 stars, but the face doesn't adapt to square watches. It remains a circle on a square watch. Wanted to wear it to pride, but it just looks lame.
I love anything that has to do with lgbt
This watch Is Really Cool & have unlimited colors combination & backgrounds are awesome , I will recommend It Must Download and get too much customizable watch at cheap price
Supposed to Support square watch faces and it shows up  round on my square watch I hate it, refund me. I use Asus  Zen gen.1 watch.
Finally, a design that considers simplicity and a variety of watches instead of being a designer clone. One of my new favorites!
The latest release crashes on open on my Nexus 5X. Otherwise I absolutely love the design and get many compliments on it. Will donate as soon as I can open the application. And also rate a 5 after it works again. Thanks! = ) update: uninstalled old version and reinstalled and it now works. Hope that helps others with issue.
nice & neat watch face. lots of settings to adapt it to your taste. when I bought my smartwatch I first thought I would setup a real expensive looking face. but what is the point. this is new technology and this face suits it better. nice work. please donate to the guy! :-)
I had a watch face like this with stock wear 1.5, the darn thing disappeared in 2.0! This is a close enough facsimile, and I get to tweak the colors, which is nice.
The watch face is great however the most recent update causes it to crash of my htc one m8.
A SPLENDID WATCH FACE.  It's greatly appreciated that you finally included the option to make the text bigger. I can now easily read the time. You've earned all five 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 for the most beautiful watch face. Keep up the good work!
Superbly simple. not just in its design but also in the customizable options interface
Not working on my Samsung Galaxy Note Edge android 6.0.1 :(
I love that ambient mode can be set to keep the colors.
Love it
Fantastic
It's a well designed watch face, exactly what I wanted. The problem for me is the color picker in the settings. It's all touch based, which makes it impossible to pick an exact color.
I love this watch face. Once you get to know what the dials look like for corresponding hours and mins you don't even need the embedded numbers. Ppl think you're looking at options and are confused when you give them the time. :) haha I would however, like to see more color combination preset. Thanks!
A great watch face, one of the best around however sync between settings and the watch is rather hit or miss, changing the profile and grayscale on ambient especially..
People stop me and ask me about my watch all the time because of this watch face. Is that an Apple watch, they say...
I've searched a lot for a watch face that looked beautiful and useful at the same time. Now I found what I was looking for!
Love the concept of the watch, and I think it's georgous. But I can't seem to get the Wear app to detect that its installed on this phone, so I can't use it on my watch. Any ideas?  Edit: Thanks for the fix! Great dev.
For some reason it's not showing up on my android wear app. Can't install it on my moto 360. Any help?
Great looking face! Although for some reason I am unable to change settings. They appear different on the app but do not update on the watch. It is connected. Is there a solution to this?
Have had to uninstall and reinstall twice yet no watch face on watch or in android wear.
Great Minimalist Design
One of my favorite watch faces but with last update second dial only ticks, no more smoothing. I know it's minor but I really liked it.
I like it!
Could it be? Why is it so hard to find a watch face that displays the seconds with a number, always? :-o This does it whenever looking at the watch.
Simple, different design and it works well. A Watchface I am very happy to show off on my Moto 360. I agree that dimmed mode would be better in grey tones and maybe you should consider an in-app purchase for those who are happy to donate something...
So cool that the individual ring colors can be changed to my liking.
Very nice
Especially since you can set it any colors you want! Dimmed version needs work though, I'd suggest the 'seconds' ring to disappear or freeze to help save battery life. And personally I'd also prefer the other rings to turn gray when dimmed
Please add the option to change the colors. Maybe even make a gradient option. The moto 360 could benefit from some subtle design changes, to compensate for the " cut out" at the bottom. The alignment on the moto 360 for the numbers,  is slightly off, or just look that way.
Great watch face. Just what you would hope it would be! My feature request: ability to turn off the numbers. It's a pretty and functional enough face to not need them!
Works awesome! Interface is smooth, very "futuristic "
It never showed up on my 360 I know they can take awhile sometimes, but I waited 24 hrs and never saw it. I'll try again and update if it ever installs
I don't know if I'm blind or stupid or both but I could not for the life of me figure out how to sync the settings.
The "flat tire" on the moto 360 is very apparent when this watch face gets to 6 o'clock.  Not for me.
Good
It wants you to purchase it to change the settings
Do not bother
Very good
Bland and default icons aren't useful or changeable.
I love the face but it will not sync after changing color.
Nicely
Good
First time couldn't find it in Android wear so I uninstalled and tried again. Worked. Looks F A N T A S T I C on my Moto 360. We'll see how it affects battery life, I'll update my review later. So far it's worth it. ************************** UPDATE: AFTER MOVING TO 5.1.1 I HAVE TWO "FLAT TIRE" ISSUES INSTEAD OF JUST THE ONE AND THE PARALAX EFFECT IS GONE.  Please address. Is it still a Motorola issue six months later?
Makes the Sony smartwatch 3 look really futuristic. Your wallpapers are amazing and now android wear brilliant. It's like your in my head with your designs. I can confirm zero battery drain on sw3.
I noticed a considerable amount of battery drain from this one but I love everything this group puts out. I have not had my moto360 die before I get home from work after a 10 hour day but it is in desperate need of the charger. Still a great face.
Flat tire is on top and it doesn't respond to the motion sensors.   Who's to blame android wear or...  please fix.
Out of alignment with my watch. Can't see the analoge properly and there's a black bar across the top of the screen. Don't buy this if you have a Fossil watch!
Guess I was wrong, you haven't fixed it yet. It's been months now, got a replacement watch this week after waiting 5 weeks and this app still don't work right. The face on the moto is way off Center. The date and minute indicators are all a lot lower than they should be. Can't read the date due to being down into the dead spot and the minute second arrows are about a 3rd of the way down to the center of the watch. Uninstalling! This app runs on the phone all the time even when not applied also!
Need low bit ambiance mode. Potential screen burn in. Optimization needed.  G watch room on 5.1. And Galaxy s6 edge
Wow this is amazing! Stumbled on it by accident and simply love it! And I'm picky. Well done, very well done sir!
Terrific-looking watch backgrounds that react to your accelerometer movements just enough to make it even more interesting, yet not distract from telling the time. Plus, being able to set it to swap the backgrounds at regular intervals is a real benefit to me. There are some great watch faces out there, but this is my favorite. Very nicely done! Looks and works great on the ZenWatch, and no problems with battery life.
This looks to be a nice watch face, but it has no settings options on my smart watch which runs Android Wear 2.0. Whenever I select this watch face it only gives me the blue animated background with no other options for customizations. Dev, can you please look into this and update it for AW 2.0?
My Moto 360 looks totally nuts. If there are matching wallpapers for my Nexus 6 so I can match my background to my watch, I'd buy in a second!
This developer always has high quality wallpapers!  I cant stop looking at my moto 360 now!
Great efects! Superb! I gave 4 stars because i had a moto 360 first edition and the watchface was not compatible animore.
You're almost there. The only reason I kept this was because the digital clock works ok on the Moto 360. The analog clock does not. Its as if the view is zoomed in too far. Check it out and fix it, and I'm happy to re-rate.
I want to like it but it looks jank on the Moto 360.  It's off center, destroying the look making it unusable and a waste of money. Dev said be patient in other reviews as they are fixing but there's been no fix.
Tried two other paid watch faces, they are working fine but this one cannot be selected.  Tried uninstall and reinstall 3 times.  Please fix, your live wallpapers on phones are great.
I am disappointed, it is off center on my Moto 360, it is in the center of the watch and so the top bit and bottom are missing. I'd like a refund or a fix for it.
Need some more backgrounds that are duller or easier for the analogue clock face to stand out.
Works good. Like the parallax effect. The backgrounds are kind of boring though.
This is definitely a next gen face! Amazing. Next update, please enable a way to increase the time you can keep the face running. Great job on this Dev!
Excellent in what it has, but limited options. Give us more backgrounds, seconds markers and choices. Almost perfect!
The analog clock is not displaying on the center of the screen for my moto 360. Please fix this issue.
Just Wished You Had Phone Wallpapers To Match These Themes
Moto 360, with black bar at the top and face not centered!
Does not work on Moto 360 since the 5.1 update.
Not entirely full screen otherwise great watch face.
After I pay for it, I am unable to use it. Even if shows installed I can not find it in my applications list. Both tablet and phone.
Clean,  crisp and detailed. Big thumbs up Dev's. Very nice work. ;-)
That looks like a next generation of watches. Keep up good work.  For future updates maybe we could get adjustment of brightness.
Consumes way too much battery.
It would be a good really good watch face but I can no longer change the properties since the Android Ware app was updated.
In moto 360 the upear part of watch 3d wallpaper is cut its display only in middle
Works great o  my gear live, just installed it so not sure about battery life though.
killed my battery in less than 5 hours on my Zenwatch
Does not work on Moto 360.
It's pure beauty....  Never changing it again...  Pair it with stay lit for a beautiful experience in moto 360
Just installed it and looks beautiful! It's the first of its kind that I found which utilizes the accelerometer to adjust.
Still no option to change colors. Add a color wheel so we can change the background color. Been asking you for this since last year.
Beautiful watch face, utterly kills my battery.
Love the app minus o.g. Moto 360 issue. Would you do this for Samsung gear S3?
Nice (ish)  .... the battery interface with the phone does not give the correct reading which is  irritating.
Does what it says. Unfortunately the phone preview does not accurately represent what you get on the watch (placement of date for example: position and font don't carry over properly). Would like more date options (date only, date in a box). I am sure this will get better though!
PLEASE please add the ability to search for terms in the shared watch face section. If I want a "ferrari" watch face, it'd be MUCH faster to search for it then scroll through thousands. GREAT app otherwise. I love the customization capabilities and it usually has very accurate watch faces that update flawlessly.
Much more customizable than I anticipated 😊 Apple, if you're reading this, maybe you should let the owners of your products customize their devices.  I think you'd be jealous of what I made.
I really love this app. I use this for my Moto 360. Very customizable and easy to use. It's much, much better than I thought it would be. I haven't had any problems operating it or  downloading presets. It's very cool and I highly recommend this. 👍👍👍
In addition, shows incorrect information on watch.  Example: Text 0 / Watch 1.  For the most part I enjoy this app.  Please fix these bugs and you will get 5 stars.
I updated to 5 stars because it works now on asus zenwatch. Only feature id like to have added is to choose the ambient picture. I have a black and white image of my watch face that I would like to use when it goes into ambient mode.
I bought this to use my own background images, but it doesn't work at all. My whole objective was to create my own watch faces. Useless. I'm tired of these scams. These guys can advertise whatever they want, take your money and make it virtually impossible to get a refund. Google needs to protect its customer base.
No option for full ambient mode to have a different "blank" background so either waste battery life or go without so info in ambient mode. Also after you set a background from a picture no way to go back to solid color. Also have the issue of app status not reflecting phone display. Phone battery 12%, app shows 12% watch face shows 31%. Developer abandoned app.
I love the fact I can customize my watch faces. The only thing I don't like is I have to look at my watch to place the icons and time in the right spot. The watch doesn't look anything like the picture in the app. But still like it.
I want this app to work so bad...  But the Battery is usually not accurate, can't figure out what would fix that, and the weather is ALWAYS at 82 degrees.  I live in South Florida where the weather is almost NEVER 82 degrees.  I think I'm going to have to stop using this app and choose a better one.  Makes me kinda sad.  And a look over at their website it looks like the developer has abandonded this app, so be careful what you do here.
I absolutely love it.  Can we get heart rate and steps added for functionality??  Also, adding animation to background would be ultimately amazing too!  Search functionality would be cool in the shared area.  Also, Moto 360 2nd Gen doesn't match screen designer and have to look at watch constantly to see changes.
Only worked one time with my LG Urbane and then.......nothing, it crashes every time. I wasted my money
Looks to be easy to use and a lot of nice presets, but crashes right away when I try to use it on my new LG G Watch Urbane. I will update my review if a patch is made.
The application has stopped working after less than 1 month. Now when I want to set up a face, that I used to use or a new face from the app, the app stops working after several seconds and on the screen of my watch I get the date and the hour on a grey background. It worked fine at the beginning but probably some update broke it. It is annoying and frustrating that something I have paid for is no longer working. Fix the application and I'd review my score or provide a full refund.
The app would get 5 stars, but it keeps crashing on my LG G watch R.  Different settings affect the frequency of crashing.  Not helpful when your watch says, "Unfortunately Styler has stopped..." instead of the time.  Multiple attempts to contact the dev have gone unanswered.
Awesome customization. Needs a 'search' feature. Also, I have made 3 presets and when I hit Apply it says applied to watch, but the watch doesn't change..
God figure. Won't buy again waste of money.
I love the simplicity of the app and seems to do as advertised.  I think the only thing currently that I would like to see is the ability to use the new Android 2.0 interactive modes and be able to add those to the watch face.
Phone battery stuck at 62% doesnt update. Otherwise a good app.
Well reply to this..I want my money back. The watch faces from Styler keep freezing my moto 360. Refund the money now please. I am uninstalling your app from my phone now. I expect to get my refund asap. Thank you.
Why update, now it randomly force closes. Doesn't show correct phone battery life most of the time.UPDATE: reinstall app and still force closes on my watch, nothing has helped since the update
Crashes several times throughout the day
Can't add in step counter to face, can't have analogue clock in wake mode and digital clock in off mode (They both appear on both screens). Few more changes and it would be the best app..
Seriously still no way to search presets? It's ridiculous that I have to scroll through hundreds of pages to find the preset that I'm looking for.
Been using this app for basically the entire time I've owned my 360, but over the last month, the phone battery percent won't update. Been stuck at 23% through phone resets, relinking the connection, and restarting the watch/watch face. I Like this app and this ISN'T a deal breaker for me, but for a paid app I expect it to work. Please fix.
Keeps crashing each time I apply it on my Gear Live. Please give me refund!
Would love a few more options. Especially the date.  A DD/MM/YY option or even day/month or simply a 2 digit date option.
I can not get it to work on my galaxy gear 2 neo
Keeps giving me a message that app stopped working.
Would need just date form as "1 Januar" or "Januar 1", whitout the weekday.  Or simple numeric version like " 31.12.2015". Thanks.
Keeps crashing and I have to Uninstaller and reinstall about once a day
Can not make ambient mode just a black screen .  fix this and I will rate 5 star.
Got Htc m8 and tried to set faces on my moto 360, not working at all, i have disconnect devices, connect them again, install program and no response, help
This app would be great but it would work then it would stop working need to be fixed!
I've had it for awhile, love the battery life & developer support. Many options and a growing community!
I love that I can customize I would only ask for the option of also having step counter on the watch face.
Can't use my own pictures.
Great app. Made myself a nice watch face. Would be great if there was interactive function for weather etc.
Don't need any other faces its all there anytime anywhere! !!
So customizable, great presets to get you started.
Watch face is awesome, but settings crash and can't change to other choices. The app opens and crashes immediately...but I'm able to show the watchface on my moto 360
Severely disappointed in their decision to remove the classes. I signed up for the year membership only for the classes and now I have an app that offers nothing. They need to at least have the classes up longer and give us more that 12 days notice before it's taken down. I will look to another company that won't take such an unfavorable action towards the community.
The app is extremely buggy and does not refresh. Sends notifications about comments and likes but doesn't display the photos or the comments. App needs a lot of work to match the functionality of IG. I hope they get this fixed because I'd like a more professional photo platform with better picture quality than IG refuses to offer.
Hey developers! I'm experiencing some problems while uploading an image on my Xiaomi redmi note 3pro, 1st time it's always failing, 2nd try is fine but removing all of the hashtags. In overall the app is a great tool. Thank you.
Notifications don't seem to work very properly. I see 6 ppl liked my pic, and on notification it stands only 3. Notifications should update better
Offers some nice images, but ability to share from apps like Lightroom mobile now seems to be broken. Seems to be getting worse with each update.
I find the recent updates not as easy to use as previous versions. Classes in search function takes a long time to load giving appearance that this function has been removed. Unable to clear search history. So, now I have to see all my spelling errors and typos for I don't know how long.
Very much disappointed with your decision of powering down the classes  My only reason to subscribe 500px was CLASSES  And now I'm not get it :( :(  Hope I get soon 🙏
I cant login into old account since I no longer have Facebook. I created a new account and listed a different username that people could find me. Instead it made me one based on my email and won't let me change it.
The app is buggy. I keep getting the same notification over and over again and I can't access the market through the app. I'll struggle on with the website instead, I guess.
Just think its overall amazing.. much better community and atmosphere
I would like to see some feature which other app has of choosing two or more of your photos and post them for people to help you choose the best shot. Thx;)
The best photography pictures i could ever get... Beautiful pictures great app!
I can learn photography from other people there's so many good photographers on 500px. Huppy I found this app
Great place to share your photos and also see some great photos others post...its a good clean app.
For a first time user of this app I felt it to be really user friendly. As far as the site is concerned I have quite a lot about them and am hoping to make it a source of income.
I can't even upload anything after the new update in this app, it failed countless times. The web version does work fine though. Please fix this.
I have not been able to upload a single photo from the app. I just get a "failed to upload" notification  regardless of network
Servers are bit odd...  Uploading a photo often fails and needs to be uploaded again
Love the great volume of professional photographs, as well as the sorting in numerous categories and the feed based on your preferences
The 500px community is among the best for photographers, and the app performs well in allowing me to interact with my network. It's also lightweight and fast.
I'm new getting into this I just have pic.s I've been taking for years now. friends tell them the great so I'm seeing if that's true
A Great Community!  The Best Photos and Photography Advice. The Nicest, Friendliest Subscribers. Great Community And The Site/App Is Super User Friendly.
Unable to login with Google. Signed up with Google and now cant login.
Do you want your photos with a Chinese stock photo company? Nope.
Love the app great for showing by best pictures not sure about all the  other services they do but love it 😊
Good app I love this   but I didn't understand why they are removing classes in this till Feb 12
used to like this app, not anymore. Now I see more of your recommendations than the photos of  people I follow. Where is the section of fresh photos or upcoming photos in this app ??????
It's very good except for some delay  In counting likes or comments loading the images
The best photographers in the world taking the best photgraphs in the world  😉
It encourage you to post more and better pics when you start getting more likes :)
Gives opportunities to  show your photos and share it with the world &  other professional photographers
Thank you so much for providing us complete facilitated resource .
It's amazing to connect with people and share pictures around the globe..
Paid for a £25 for a subscription for them to remove the classes. Please refund my money and close my account.
I like 500px. There's so many amazing photos :)
Would be a lot better if the interface a little bit more user friendly. But a great app to follow
The BEST HD Wallpaper  App I've  EVER used!!
What else can you want from this app?  #ElPerfecto
Great app to share your pictures and discover other people's photographs. I recommend it to anyone!
500px to me is the best place to find more about the photographs you love and also discover the type of photography you'd love to do
I rarely give 5 star ratings, but this app on my watch is nice.  The look, design and especially the % marker is fabulous.
Useful, quirky.  Will be uninstalling due to pop up ads on my watch from this app
Can't install on Android Wear 2.0 for some reason. Just won't appear.
I like the easy transfer of watchfaces.***"
I've been searching for a simple glance friendly watch face with the time, weather, date, and battery percentage for my phone and my watch. this ticks all boxes and I'm very pleased.... My only request is for more color options (black would be really nice)
I don't see any temp
Nice face
The app itself is very good, but being unable to adjust any settings on my iPhone for the app on my Fossil Q Explorer is frustrating, and very limiting. If the developers would just release this in the app store for iPhone, I'd be a much happier user. I'd love to be able to make the adjustments that android users are capable of making...
Most settings are not available for free but you can still adjust the digital font's size and position to some degree. No click actions for free through. No wear 2.0 complications support. Works well on LG Urbane.  Font selection and size limited even on paid version.
I have download several other watch faces to try and always come back to this one. The amount of personalization you can do is amazing. It's clean and efficient. LOVE IT!
Just perfect! The ambient options are excellent! I've gotten many compliments from strangers on my watch (ambient is always on). Looks very high tech with black background and blueish/greenish digits....
Free version is one of the best watch faces I've used. The extension allowing you to look at a detailed weekly forecast is also very useful. This is exactly the sort of information that belongs on the face of a smartwatch.
It's good only weather for Melbourne Australia is inaccurate at times. Needs other weather sources to choose from. I use weather zone in other cases. Could that be added as another input method?
This has been the best watch face I have found so far. Great battery life. I can assign each info display a referral and tap it and open another app I use a lot without having to go to other menus. I can also display only what I want in ambient mode without a bunch of other info. Has become my newvall time watch face.
Finally!! An android weather app that actually updates the temperature and weather.   Now if you could get my battery status off my iPhone I'd be great 😊.  Good work guys!
This is a cool app, lots of flexibility and options.  So far, it's working great on my Huawei Watch 2 Classic.  Definitely recommended!
This app this awesome. It is so customizable. I wish it had a lightning alert, as that is important for my work. But maybe that could be added. There are more options that you can imagine. After five different types of these watch apps, I found my favorite.
Been looking for something with a digital clock (that shows seconds) that was clean and simple in appearance. I don't need the weather information. Wish I could disable it and keep the calendar event... Preferably the next 3 events.
It's alright. Wish it was formatted for round watches better. I also would prefer to be able to have digital clock large and in the middle of the screen.
Fantastic watch face couldn't find in android wear but worked out I had to manually install on watch after that it works great lots of customization 👌👍
Animations doesn't work on payed version, moto360 wear 2.0.
Ita excellent with lots of features especially when I took the premium.version..However i do not understand if I don't want to see weather ..How to remove it.rest all good
Love the fact that you can turn interactions off and on and map them! Definitely worth the upgrade.
A lot of options haven't gone through them all. Very cool
Great concept. Does not update weather and next event consistently. Beautiful when it does work.
Is nice app, loving it for its background and weather options....
Really cool for those of us who want to always know the weather. ☀ 🎑 🌥 ☔ ⚡
A bit difficult to navigate but in all a great looking watchface that gives you up to the minute forecasts.
It's a nice app, but it drains my watch too fast. So I can't use my watch though the day.
Best watch face ever brilliant weather information love it well done dev team keep up the good work
Great app. Paid for upgrade version not disappointed.
Free version Very Very limited. May not keep it....
Does not show battery level for watch or phone.  Without those it is just okay.
Won't download onto my Zen watch 3.
Temperature, easily understood weather icon, battery level and time - just what I need!
Good app could use humidy feature.
Best app for what it does.
Works well. More of what I want.
Best Weather Watch face yet.
A great face go try it
Battery killer
Great one!
Great App!
Nice app
Cool face
The best
Good app
Only giving 4 starts though because the logo is a bit too big, takes up too much space, so maybe take out the developer's name, especially because the use of the font lobster also takes away from the polish of it as a whole.
When watch goes in dim/ambient mode, time shows 1 min less than what it was showing in normal mode. Serious bug. Found that minutes needle moves back 1 minute when mode changes.
Great-looking watchface that looks like the classic Swiss clockface design.  Day and date are a little bit small on my Zenwatch, but not unreadable.  Awesome deal since it's free!
My favorite moto 360 watch face, and best of all it's free!... Thanks very much devs!!
After installed this app, It was hidden and I can not open it. So I uninstall this app. BELL RINGING.
The best face I could see so far. I wish they make a similar face with deep blue color
I don't know how to access it in my phone
I like the elegant look of this free watch face. Good on battery consumption and easy to read at a glance. By far nicest, simplest watch face to date.
I can't find its icon in any pages of my phone to operate it in background
Good design and function....especially for rounded watch...
Its a pretty face for my moto 360
This looks so nice. One of the best
I like the watch face but there should be an option to adjust the thickness of the hands
Nice but no option to keep on for certain length of time before it turnes off.
I'll be nice if it show weather
Great, awsum!!!
N
Singh
Nice for a free app
Awesome look
Love it
Nice
Simple and looks elegant
I've been waiting for a watch like this for eons. Stylish, compact and waterproof. Can't miss with this watch. I'm ordering back ups.
Displays too small logo too big
Very nice
Simple and effective. Just what I was looking for.
I just cant make it GLOW ! Tritium setup was set to on/sunset but the numbers were all pure black. Tried to change glow colour but nothing happened either. It even didn't work in watchmaker on my phone. LG Gwatch R seeks help here!
Can't see the face in my watch nor Android Wear app face selection.  LG G watch.
Installed and re-installed many times but it doesnt appear on my phone... tried to find it in my widgets but it's nowhere to find so im requesting a refund...
Very nice face, just the bug with the minute freeze, is still when you change time zone, please correct it.
Can't find it anywhere I looked everywhere no clue
This is my number one watch face.
RAM govind g
magar
Thanks for this watch face. Love it!
Hi
It's a good, bright, realistic watch face.
It's ok
Liked the color scheme an efficiency
Pn
Lucky it was free :-(
Good one!
It looks  nice
Great watch face
Love it
OK
Good
Good
Good
Just found out that you have to buy a premium app as well but IMO it's worth it. The watches you get are the best of the best. Best of all there is a great g+makers community linked to it. This watch alone is worth it. Junking the others I bought!
Pretty cool and has decent customizations.  Continues to crash and resets my watch face to the "Simple" stock face.  Have to reset watch and app on phone and then resend face to watch.  Ambient Mode is sick!
I paid  for this and it says it's installed but no where to be found on my s5 or LG watch ???? I installed watch maker pro as directed and that doesn't work either
Very flexible watch design with loads of options and even ambient modes that really safe guard your display
Got it when it was first released & I loved it! & with this new update it's just made it even better! Looking forward to more upgrades!!
Didn't notice the amount of options at first but wow! Credit to the creator
Super app. Works and looks great on my LG R
Wonderful watchface... Looks great on my LG R.... just get it!!!
A must have.
Description says it is free but you need to purchase a seperate program to install it  ($3.99)
cantik dan bergaya
So good
Ttt
Nice
Would be better with a black background instead of the gray
I liked IO 2015 wallpaper so much that it reminded me to look for it for 2016. I doubted it would exist as IO 2016 hasn't even happened yet. But, you surprised me! Thank you! Could I make one small request, though? The option to have a white background. And, if I were to be bold, a tiny weather icon and temperature would make me so happy. Other than that, I love the watch face. 😊
A very nice watch face with beautiful animations. The only thing that looks to be missing would be a date option, an option for a white background, and maybe a little color on the hour and minute. Honestly, though, I love it, especially considering it's such a new app.
Just read a review and that person had issues with the watch charging... I had the same issue. Uninstalled for now till it's updated as that's a huge deal-breaker. Great looking watchface otherwise.
Other then those problems I like the watch face but can't use it
Prevents watch from charging while watch face is active. Watch battery is drained and it's extremely difficult to change watch face.
As the title says while this watch face is active on the Moto 360 first gen the watch will not charge and drains battery really fast. Other than that it's a beautiful watch face.
Love the way the watch face looks, but I'd like it to have an ambient mode.  And as others have stated my Moto 360 won't charge if this face is on.  It is a really cool font and animations, would love to be able to use it.
Awesome watch face but it will not let the Moto 360 1 charge when active.  Fix this I will use it again and raise the rating.
This is a sweet watch face but it causes unnecessary battery drain and will not let my Moto 360 v1 charge
Looks awesome, would love to keep it even after IO but I seem to have battery charging issues on my watch since I installed it 😭
I would like it even more if the was an option to show the date. And the hours and minutes should stay in the same place in ambient mode.
Beautiful, but drains battery fast on my LG g watch.  Crashes often, too.
Love the look of the face but when it's active it won't let the watch charge.. Please fix this!
Seriously. Are you just not reading your reviews? This needs a date option. I'd even pay $0.50-$0.99 to get some more option to this watch face. Please!
Battery worked before geting app, now it can't charge
Very well done, works great. August 2017 and I still use this watch face
Minimal but awesome, ever so smooth animation but would be nice for some settings maybe to add the date and a few extra settings. I absolutely love this. (Sony SmartWatch 3 & Xperia X)
Nice watch face but, will not let moto 360 charge. Had to uninstall it.
All it really needs is an option to include the date and it should be golden!! Love it!!!
I love it, there's no other way around it. It's sleek, responsive, and the bouncing animation really gives you the I/O 2016 vibe.
But I think if the second arrange to middle will be better
Definitely needs the date (and it needs to be visible in ambient mode). And the time should stay in the same place when going to and from ambient.
Perfect. Would like to add date or be able to move the seconds or make them smaller
It works all the time and doesn't disappear like others. The animation looks really cool as well.
Best watch face there is! Took me forever to find one that I loved 💙
It's not working for My G Watch R... I will change my review once it's available
All that's needed is a date, but otherwise very good
Nicely executed!  Appears to be pretty lightweight.  No special permissions.👍
Would be better if the black background was true black instead of "back-lit" black on amoled watches.
Excellent watch face to get most of battery life.. But need more watch faces.
Love this watch face.  Looks cool and never crashes
Can't find it. It's not in Android Wear watches.
Need white background
Awesome watch face! Please make an I/O 17 one!
Great animations and simplicity. Would like an option for the date.
This is a beautiful watch face. I love the animation.
like it!
A beautiful watch face
Love the animation.
A++
It's a lot of fun watching him hop around on your screen.
Mad little dance, love it, would be great to be able to change background colour, white makes it difficult to see app icons (dimmed mode helps) but background colour would bring it alive........!?
Love this live wallpaper. Cracks me up to watch the droid dance and catch some z's.   Also installed it on tablet.
Same as title
Hey
Cute! Funny! Lovely !
Cute, geeky
Sweet!
When I have my tablet in landscape mode, which is how I usually use it, the android is SIDEWAYS. Pls fix!!
Both my kids and myself love to watch the robot dance
How does it work
I like this wallpaper very much it is my default wallpaper for my tablet.
This free app ia light, only 296kb but very entertaining, preventing me from being too serious and grumpy. Thank you so much.
I really like it! It doesn't work to great on my HTC Cha Cha bcoz the shape doesnt fit properly but its cute and it does a cute dance!
Very low resolution wallpaper and background colour should also be changable.
he doesnt dance tp música
Not good how u carnt get it on nexus
I installed it but its nowhere to be found now. Help?
Also NO PERMISSIONS well done.
No colors nothin cool about it using galaxy nexus...
I have an android but I cant find the app
does not fit the screen
Hes my hubby :D
Great app and an even greater customer support. Thank you!
It's exactly what I was looking for good job
I love it...its adorable!!!
Boring
I love it!
This app is the best...love it...
Cool
And boring.. Not to mention low graphical quality
Clever live wallpaper.
I like this LW. Thanks.
I thought it was going to be animated not just 1 fps. Don't waste time and don't install
I installed and ininstalled 3x. Nowhere to b found on the phone!
Does not rotate with system settings
saya suka robot hijau
Its not really working for me:(
This adroid is perfect for my andriod phone!
This is so cute <3
really love this watch face.  would you please add a black mode ? i usually turn off "always-on screen" but love the ambient mode in black.
Elegant
Was ok until I found out that I needed to use the companion app. Now that I have done this, not the premium, I can no longer change the face colours by tapping on then screen. It was happily lettinge do this before connecting the companion app. Also there are no screen taps showing at all on the screen, as though it is no longer interactive. The screen lock is still showing unlocked, it has never worked!
Hi looks like a neat watch face, but how do u get the digital clock and day and calendar in the middle? When I hit stopwatch, those things disappeared and can't seem to get them back.
The watch is great until you do something interactive and then randomly nothing works at all after that. Only way I've found to fix it is to reinstall which is a pain. Restarting didn't resolve the issue. Would have been 5 star otherwise.  (update: there is a small lock icon at the bottom which is used to lock the watch face and I had not noticed it... 5 starts now!)
DONT USE THIS APP!  This app in the paid version crashed my Moto360 and it hasn't worked since (foUr days so far) just a blank screen.  I emailed the developer but no response.   Google refunded my purchase.
I love the app!! If you guys want me to rate 5 stars then please let it show steps
5 stars for the last update, it is possible to disable now that annoying 'change color on tap' feature, thanks!
Good app but facing the challenge of launching the app andvmaking it operate cos there is no set button
Hi team. I just bought this while I was looking for the ActivePoint one. Could you please deactivate this and enable me to use the ActivePoint watch face? Thanks
Love this app! Would you be able to out in a colour gradient option? So we can fade colours throughout the face.
Temperature feature does not work on Fossil Exlporist watch. Anyone know a fix?
Doesnt seem to install on watch or show up in the Wear app.
Great App took a little time to get used to and a restart of my phone and watch.
Phone battery percentage stays at 0%?
It's paid system
only the time works correctly
Md Javed Kahn
Waste of time
Please let me know how to sync with watch...S3...
This watch is very nice. Thanks.
Change of colors is good
Very nice
Dope
Nice
Good
Went Premium, but apart from being able to get weather and choose different colors, I can't seem to use the menus, softkeys, etc.. Even the lock/unlock doesn't work. I'm using the TAG  Connected with Androidwear 2.0. Edit: My mistake. It works :-) 5 stars if you remove the Random Coloring. I have had to change it to my liking for too many times already after using it so shortly.
Please add a lock for changing colour. So annoying that I set a custom colour scheme and end up loosing and resetting it as I accidentally touch the wrong part of the screen! Otherwise I love this watch face as my daily driver :)
I like this watch face but it keeps bothering me, asking to see all watch faces available.  But there are no watch faces to look a under the "Our watch faces"  tab.  It's pretty annoying especially since I would like an easy way to view all other watch faces this company provides.
The functions on the watch work no problem, but the biggest issue I have with this watch is that you can change the color of the watch gave on the watch.  When I tap outside of the buttons on the face it changes the color of my watch. Then, I have to go back into the app on my phone to change it again.
Can you please give an option to turn off the random face color generator when tapping the top right of the face? So so annoying when I get the face set up the way I like it, accidentally tap the top right and all the colours change. Apart from that its a great face.  Thank you.
I've been downloaded the premium one and I'm using  Samsung Gear S2. But i don't  know how to use it to apply mh watch face... can you help me ??
Truly enjoy this watch face. I typically always uninstall watch faces and keep stock ones. This is one I can't shake.   The colors are all great. The way the menu displays information where the digital clock is located is a nice touch.  I hope the developer will continue to update this watch face with more features in the future such as removing the word "menu" and just keeping the logo. The ability to change watch hands or being able to edit the watch face straight from our watches like some of the other richface watch faces.  Keep up the great work!
I like the face.  However the lack of a Colour Lock makes it a bit of a pain to use.  Also I would like to see an option to add the digital clock/date to minimal ambient (so it would look similar to the armada face) so I don't have to leave full Ambient mode enabled.
I'm not sure I have a LG smartphone and a Samsung Galaxy Gear S3 frontier watch and i can't figure out how to use this app and i bought the premium package please help me with this problem thank you
I unlocked premium version, but found that it does not work for my ticwatch 2. Could you please refund.
The random color change is very annoying. Also, why doesn't the app picker show all the apps I have?
Is say free but download e app is free, u hv to pay to use it
The graphics quality are too low and its not realistic!
Why doesn't it install too my watch
Worst app
perfect apps thank you
This has been my watchface for over 2 months now, and will continue to be. The only thing that annoys me, though, is that it reads "past eight" even if it is 8:15. The dev can try and implement "quarter past eight" for 8:11 through 8:20, and "quarter to nine" for "8:41 to 8:50". Makes more sense than "past eight", and gives slightly more information, whilst keeping everything else simple.
Love it.  I initially installed this just for a lark, but have ended up using it as my primary watch face: turns out that in the majority of cases the time it presents is just about as accurate as I need, and for the remainder I can always squint at the precise time at the top of the screen.
Great idea! Just one issue, in my Sony sw3 the do not disturb/charging icon overlaps a little bit the hour, could be awesome if you include language selection, like Spanish hehe.
My favourite watchface of all time. It can be a little too vague sometimes saying it's half past all the way up to quarter to.
Installed and disappeared. No where to be found on my phone or watch.
I really want this.  It's downloaded and installed.  But doesn't appear in my phone or on my watch.  Using a gear 2. Help!!!
Easy to read, low impact on watch battery and is a great conversation starter. Regular get complements on it at work as a fun watch face.
I love this watch face, feel much more relaxed about time :-)
Love it, though would like to switch the time and date to the awake screen, seems to make more sense.
Awesome app!  Only wish you could change the resolution to nearest quarter hour.
Dev - Please release this on tizen. Pleeaassseee.. :-) i would pay for it.
But not for me personally. Works as expected
Fun, but lacks ISO 8601
It makes me smile :) the hobbit bit is a bit iffy, all I have outside mealtimes is a green front door but the main function option is just ace.
Very impressive.
But this watchface is awesome. Dev... Can you make this for phone, pleeeeeeeease?!? I'd pay for it
Love the idea! Would be perfect with more customisation on the ambient mode and a range of options on how relaxed an approach you want to take to time.
New addition of the Hobbit mealtimes in Timish makes it great for Lord of the Rings and Hobbit fans!  Really fun and you'll never miss a meal again!
Needs an option for U.S. Date Format.
Very nice.
Please make this as a widget!!!!! I don't use my watch much because I'm clumsy as heck but I love it!
Download but can't find it anywhere
I love this faces idea but it needs more unique style firstly I would like to see a minimal or simplistic design, secondly I would like to see the moon rise/set to have an option for non-military time setting,lastly I would like to see the background change with the time of day instead of every time you look at the face otherwise its an interesting idea that is rather soild that just needs some more style to make it stand out better
Does just the simple thing: show me the moon phase plus minimal additional essential info: time, date, moonrise and set, etc.
1. Fix the hour hand in ambient mode. It has the same issue that was fixed on regular mode.     2. Make the notification card background opaque in ambient mode. The notifications are currently overlapping with the bottom part of the watch face.       3. Add the option to disable the notification card on the watch face, but only when on ambient mode. A few other watch faces have this option, and I really like it.
Great watch face with a really nice subtle animation when waking it.  One major gripe though: When an hour has past, the hour hand will stick only to the current hour exactly. i.e. if it's 1:30pm, the hour hand will be at 1 sharp, instead of inbetween 1 and 2. This fixes itself when it wakes, but is very jarring and repeats.
Beautiful design- by far my favourite. But the hour hand doesn't update in the standby (backlight off) mode. Quite annoying to read the time, apparently latest version has fixed hour hand... But not Huawei W1
I really like this watchface. It's so clean, analog, and has that really smooth animation when it wakes up. The only problem is that it tends to crash quite frequently and doesn't reboot itself the next time I wake up the watch (that might just be a Android Wear thing). I have to set a different watchface and then switch back to Mango to get it back, which shouldn't be a thing because like a real watch, the face has to just stay there without becoming a distraction to the watch itself.
Cool watxh watches not bad. Its free so theres not a whole lot of faces or customization but a couple more faces and some ability to add more widgets to the watch face would be nice.
Love the watch face! But for some reason it has been crashing a few times a day. I have the Asus Zenwatch 2
Doesn't "do" anything special, but the face itself is delightful. Light and dark themes.
Has a habit of becoming unresponsive requiring my Urbane 2 to be restarted.  Other than that, it's a beautiful watch face.
Mango doesn't have a particularly nice design, extra options, or good readability.  At least it's free.
Tried it and my battery was at 15% two hours later. Might have been a fluke but I won't try it again.
Not only is the hour hand fixed, but now it performs more smoothly on the older hardware of my Moto 360 1st gen.
Dumb retard watch face. Doesn't even appear on Android wear after installation. Stupid
Drains battery...there should be some options to cut down battery usage
I like it.. thanks
I like the look of it but can't get into settings to try out the light face option.
Downloaded it but didn't appear anywhere. Restarted my phone and watch nothing, tried it on my other phone and the same problem occurred.
It's great but needs performance improvements when switching from display off to display on.
Don't like the animation.
Just 2 faces
Love it. So unique
Clean and crisp look
Very nice
Simply stunning
Nice
Design wise this watch looks great on my moto360 2. But I have three issues with this watchface. 1. It's shows the wrong time. It's lagging an hour behind the actual time. 2. Notifications get overlapped with date /time, while in ambient mode, which makes everything difficult to read. I think watchface needs to dismiss the notification when in ambient mode. 3. Battery drains quickly, when compared to other watchmaker.
The face is broken and the hour hand only points directly at the current hour. This means at say 7:59 AM, the time is very ambiguous; the hour hand will point at the 7, rather then next to the 8.
Rather pointless having a pretty watch face that doesn't show the correct time at a glance. The hour hand points at the actual hour for the whole hour meaning it looks like it's always an hour slow, negating the whole purpose of being a timepiece.
No idea why but when I set this watch face,  the time is right... Look an hour later and it's always wrong and behind an hour? Huh??
It looks very nice, but sometimes it indicates 1 hour later than actual hour.
Not sure you can call a face "minimal" if it has both a central seconds hand and running seconds on a subdial.
Watch face looks good but hour hand is not moving properly. For example : Assume time is 9:45, Long hand is still on 9 instead of in between 9 and 10.
Incorrect hour hand? Isn't this supposed to be a showcase app for Android Wear?
This is beautiful, but it goes back to ambient mode from the normal screen way too quick.
Good face! I love MANGO for sure!!!!!
I like the face. It's good on battery and has the info needed without clutter. Ambient mode is wrong as far as the hour hand. If fixed, I'd give 5 stars
It looks great and the animation is one of the coolest I've seen, but it crashes after a few hours. I have a Moto 360 and an lg g3.
It looks great and works well, BUT it constantly crashes on my phone and I have to dismiss it multiple times each day. It also seems to drain the battery much more than other watch faces. It also shows the wrong temperature consistently and never changes.
This gave was great to begin with. After a few updates and the lagging started. Now it is so bad, I can't use it.          *EDIT* New update brought it back to life. Using it now and bumped it up to 4 stars. It does still lag a bit, but it could be my Moto360 1st gen causing that.
The boat is moving every one second and the seconds increment by 3. When I installed this watchface, it crashed my watch and restarted. Entering menu take suspiciously long. Good idea but pretty bad implementation.
A very nice idea, that still need some bugfixing and optimization. By now, the face isn't usable on my Gear Live, but the art concept is stunning, and the developer's promises to fix the animation make me believe that one day I'll be able to use this face, so I will not request a refund.   EDIT: the developers fixed many bugs, and now doesn't crash anymore. Unfortunately it's still too slow on my watch specially during swiping in and out of main screen, and can't be used daily.
But it lags on Moto 360 so unfortunately it's a refund for me.
Weather never did show temp, followed instructions and waited, but no. So not keeping an app that isn't up to standard..
So tried this on old phone and it forced closed so just hot the new lg g5 and got it again and it dose exactly the same devs  you need to look at this
Keep getting message that it stopped. Please refund I had to uninstall it. Update: I got my refund.
Super laggy animation and the ambient screen has a weird flicker.  Refunded.
Definitely needs some work. Installed for Moto 360. It's a bit laggy when coming in and out of ambient mode. Also seems to really drain the battery. However, it's a beautiful face and currently a house favorite. Keep up the great work!
Unfortunately the moto 360 black bar hide the rest of the boat, but not enough to let the face to be beautiful. I did not see about battery or lag. Keep upgrading to make one of the best face in my watch :P
Outright isn't working on my Huawei smartwatch. Lags like crazy switching between ambient and the time doesn't seem to tick whilst in ambient. Crashes every time it's not in ambient mode, tool me numerous restarts and quick fingers to change watch face before it crashed again.
Moto 360 v2. Maybe an issue with Wear, but the animation takes a few moments to start, and the watch grinds to a halt. I'll have to check again after a hard reset. Update: Even after wiping the phone and only leaving this watch face on it, still too slow to be useful. Pity.
Looks beautiful, just laggy like hell. Makes the watch so slow to respond even caused it to crash. Hopefully this'll get fixed in a tyre update but can't score highly currently
Looks nice. But is laggy as hell. LG watch R and nexus 5x.
Crashed my watch.
Love this watch face, simple and yet lovely.
BATTERY ANNIHILATOR. Please fix this.
Awesome watch face
Love it on my first gen moto 360. The leading zero in twelve hour mode should be removed though, It just looks wrong.
On the Moto 360 there is a yellow line going through the middle just above the clock and it would be nice to have the date on here at least but it is definitely a good concept. Update: this issue has been resolved but I'm still looking forward to having the date included in this app.
Looks great but it's annoying that it switches to 12 hour if you touch the face. 12/24hr should be a setting.
Once the watch goes to ambient mode it shouldn't show the seconds. Just show the hour and the minutes. Otherwise it looks dumb.
Only two suggestions would be to have a settings option to leave features "as is" once you like the configuration. The other is adding the date.
Great addition to my Android Wear collection.
I uninstalled the app, unfortunately my refund period had passed so I'm hoping this watchface will be improved. It's beautiful, but the animation lags and only plays every few seconds and lags continuously. Even slows down the watch.
Sorry... I like the art. But it was crashing my hwatch, it was really slow and laggy, and was even force closing periodically on my phone. Just way too buggy to be ready for prime time.
I have a Huawei Watch and was excited to decorate it with this gorgeous face.  However when I installed it, it first lagged when waking up, and then crashed my watch.
Looks great but has brought my watch to a standstill. It's continually rebooting and I can't get it to be stable enough to change watch faces to a known good state. Lg R.
Looks great, but does not have ambient mode, and setting time format via tapping on the watch face is rather poor design - it can happen by accident, add separate settings screen.
Looks good but lags skips and freezes when going into ambient mode (so the screen never turns off)
It consumes all the watches cpu and resources and drains the battery and too much lagging at firs will turn into freezing and watch reset because of huge pressure on the watch , current watch hardwear can't handle the resources this watch face needs
If i could give it a quarter of a star i would total bs
Froze up my LG G Watch so badly that I had to uninstall and reboot with ADB
Right above the time, I've got a light blue line going horizontal across the whole screen. Very small, but very noticeable. Will try downloading again later.
..on both watch and phone. Uninstalled.
24 hour only
Please add an option for 12 hour mode. Will change to 5 stars if that is added. Thanks!
Very nice and battery saving..but only 24 hour face
Really great display. 24h is no problem. Nice size for day and date. Battery displayed too.
It would be great.
Great size, fantastic display. Lovein it
Will cause burn in in ambient mode since there will always be certain pixels that are always on.
I really didn't start enjoying my Android Wear watch until I installed the Ranger watch face. First of all, it has a custom square face that fits my watch precisely. It truly is always on unlike most watch faces. In addition to the time in regular and 24 hour format, it provides not only the day and the date, but also the temperature, the weather, and the status of your watch or phone batteries. Other watch faces seem limited in comparison.
(I should have read the short review by Mr. Austin before buying it.)  Its a beautiful watch face. Really nice looking and presents data perfectly.  But...  The compass and battery complications (while extremely useful and one of the reasons I bought it) will burn through battery like there's no tomorrow.  Disable these and you'll be fine.  But then, of course, your phone stock face will probably do the job equally well (with a much less "cool" quotient of course), for $1 less.  Buy it to show off/use, once in a while. Not for regular use.
Great watch face with an original and attractive night mode but it slurped my battery from full to 30% in 8 hours. Wish I hadn't bothered. Will not buy a watch face which doesn't have a free trial or free basic face again. It was cheap but it's money wasted. Shame. I would have given it 5 otherwise.
Best watch face I could find. I like the three complications shown and the grey/white night mode.  Most people don't know it is a smart watch.   I hope that Ranger can defeat the 2.0 problem of accidental screen modification.
A nice watch face and would have given it 5 starts but it lost one as to my mind the settings are too easy to accidentally change. I'm forever finding the watch had gone into settings mode and more than once I've accidentally changed what complications are shown just by the watch brushing against things. It might be an Android Wear issue too but adding the ability to lock down your configuration would help a lot.
If the integration with Google Fit and weather were better, this would be one of the best watch faces. Doesn't seem to sync properly with Google Fit: steps & time seriously differ, don't sync consistently. Weather seems to be 5°-11° difference than Weather Bug and Google Weather.
This watchface is a massive battery drain on the latest Android Wear versions. Battery life is half what it used to be and drains far more than default OEM faces.
Love the design. But wish there is more build in complication like heart rate, calories, etc. The 3rd party complications doesn't look as good with only single colour. Oh and I realized it drain battery faster then others
Plenty of wonderful features but they count for nothing when it drains battery super fast. I left my watch in idle for six hours and lost 53% battery. I lost the remaining 47% within an hour when using it. I switched to the stock standard design that comes with my smart watch and my battery life is perfect.
It's okay.  Not great.  Looks pretty good, but is fairly power hungry.  You can fix this by dimming the various states, but this takes away from the face.  Maybe just my setup.  Really can't go wrong for a $1.  My AMOLED screen would prefer a "use fewer pixels" option of sorts to cut down power usage.  Perhaps something else is causing the heavy drain?
Update: Developer has resolved the installing issue. Thank you  Won't install on watch with Android Wear 2.0. I can see it as an option for download on the watch after installing on my phone. Says "can't download" every time I try and install on the watch. I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times in the phone. No luck!
EDIT: Nevermind. Seems the face reports solid battery life even when battery is dead or about to die. Grrrr....OLD REVIEW: Remarkable fix to battery issues on AW 2...Battery life is WAY BETTER than it was back on AW 1 now, great job! I've edited this review a few times, praise, then frustration with battery issues on AW 2 and now back to praise. Until quite recently (11/17 edit here) my 2nd gen Moto 360 with this face wouldn't make it through to even afternoon, let alone evening. A recent update though (not sure when it was) changed all of that and now I get to the end of TWO DAYS and still have 30% or so battery left. Really, remarkable fix guys. Thanks!
I just reinstall thr watch face after reset ny watch.. but it seems the weather doesn't work. Nothing show there. How can I make it work then?
Aesthetically the best watch face I have found, and packed with all the complications I need. Unfortunately, battery life is abysmal on my Nixon Mission. The watch barely makes it until 5pm with minimal use.
Anyone with Android 2.0 must install the face from the watch, it no longer will automatically show up on the phone. Once you install from the play store, you should have a notification on the watch that will request another install to the watch.   Welcome to Android 2.0
Love it. This is probably my primary watch face love having it. My only regret is that I still cannot figure out how to put the trip indicator on.
Love the face, definitely a favorite.  Compass complication will chew through the battery life on a watch with GPS.  Don't use it and it's perfect.
I love the face, looks great and doesn't seem to impact the battery. The weather doesn't work right (shows same Temps for high/low).
New update fixed the weather issue.  Great job getting that out quickly.  This watch face is awesome, so informative at a glance.  Has everything you could want and is customizable.
Downloaded can't remember how much I paid for this app. But it never migrated to my watch (Samsung gear s2). So it's essentially useless
I really did like this watch face on my original Moto 360 however it died.  Motorola sent me a new watch but I can't get this watch face on it.  When I open the app it states that it is "installed on your wearable device" but it isn't there.
Battery drain terrible weather can't see like what's happening in the week and what I done with steps i very the week
It won't appear on my watch or communicate with it .99 isn't allot of money but one would expect it to work
Now if I just had control of the color choices and how to keep it from turning off!!!😵😡👾
Was my #1 choice now the features once available are not and when I configure the watch face it is not available in Android wear.  Waste of a purchase which is getting worse with every download.  I've changed phones, uninstalled and reinstalled.  Poor application execution and administrative upkeep.  Would not reccomend to pay, save your money.
Very nice. I like the night mode being switchable. The compass only works at times. I would like to see an option for a digital clock. Using Moto 360 Update : It works nicely with Huawei Smartwatch 1st gen paired with Essential phone
If I use this face my battery lasts 10 hours if I switch to any other face with similar gadgets it lasts almost 48 hours........I love the design but the battery issue is a huge problem for me.
Why advertise distance on watchface? Bought it for that!! Don't buy if you need that as the is is not possible, false advertisement.
Shows wrong date, wrong temp, can't change most settings. Msg; "Watch can't communicate with device." I want my $ back.
I have gotten countless compliments on this watch face. On my Huawei Watch, it really looks like a real watch, and people are always impressed. Highly recommended, definitely the best "classic" watch face out there.
Looks great awesome features but the battery get DESTROYED with this face on
Best watch app for my SW3. Amazing features and easy to customize. All info I need is right on my wrist with this app. Please hide the from apps list and integrate with android wear app. Also update often, please.
Crashes all the time with recent firmwares despite dev receiving crash reports. Uninstalled app.
I can't get the weather set to the normal 'Celsius' setting... on wear it tells me to open the companion app, but that's not doing anything!?
I'm a police officer and I bought this watch for the compass integration and my phone and car shows I'm traveling north but the watch shows I'm traveling west. Everything else works fine...is there a way to calibrate the compass?
Downloaded it for my Huawei watch, will not appear... Huawei not referenced in your description, way to waste money for a consumer..
Its a great apps.but since i change my smartphone ranger watch face stops workin.
A really nice watchface, but seems to destroy the battery life on Huawei Watch 2 Sport.
Works great on Tic E but I only have options to change the night colours not the main watch colours. Help!
It does not uploaded to the watch. Useless.
This watch face is really good! I have a few suggestions though:  1. Add an option to totally turn off the reflection, so it doesn't appear at all.  2. Add an option for the date where only the number for the day appears (like most other watches).  3. Add an option for all of the background to be pitch black.  4. Extend the green all the way to the very edge in the major tick marks. Right now those tick marks are half green and half white.  Cheers!
I really like the way this watch face looks, however I continue to get Init UI error pop-ups like other reviewers here. It becomes pretty frustrating after awhile. My only other gripe is I wish there was a digital option along side the analog, as well as a battery percentage.  [Using a Moto 360 1st gen]
When you first select the face, it pops up an error saying "Init UI error" . I would not expect an error from a paid app.
I get the same ui error on start. Other than that I love the face.
Looks very simple and nice on my g watch R
needs digital time
Nice
I like how this looks on my SW3. And I am happy to have a watch face that shows me the temperature. I turned off the animation. But I wish I could turn off modules, or at least change the date format and turn off the labels - they're kind of dorky ("atomic").  It doesn't look as smooth as stock faces in ambient mode, but pretty good, which is what I see most because I use 'always on'. I would like this more if the 4 lines that remain across the screen went away in ambient mode.
B-e-utiful design.  Just makes one compatible for Tic watch. Not much but I'll donate $5 USD?
Add steps on watch and then 5 Stars☺
Not retrieving correct weather( displayed as 238608275 Celsius). GPS is enabled...It's resolved thanks
I'm amaze how quickly developer fixed Android 2.0 issue after I report the bug error message. Definately worth to spend money with this app.
If you can't get the app to sync with your watch leave it a day or so. Worked for me after I reset my watch back to factory. Happy days! Thanks guys!
Just would not show on watch even after 're boot 're install and left it for 24 hours to see if it would sync... it did not. Watch is LG Urbane and phone is s7 ☹  After a response from the dev I tried again to install.. SUCCESS!!! Thank you so much.
Battery optimization beats all other similar watch faces by 30-50%! Would love to see the option to add a third complication for a second time zone.
Watch face will not sync LG G. Even after factory reset several times
I would rate 5/5 but it longer works on my 1st Gen Moto 360  Edit: Dev helped me fix my issue very pleased with this app
Great watch face! Lots of customisation and great design! I would like though for it to have custom watch badges, maybe select your own bitmap to use?
This developer got some amazing watch faces. They look great on my Ticwatch E. Hope to see a new update for Android Wear 2.0
Really fond of the simplicity and look. Although I wish I could change what information the watch displays. Unless I just can't find it then nevermind.
Watchface looks great. Would love to be able to hide the seconds hand and just have the hour and minute hands
Very nice; however, step counter isn't syncing.
Great choices of themes and colors. The different mustaches that you can choose is my favorite part. I like the circle graphs around the phone, watch, and steps indicators, but I don't understand what it means around the weather indicator. The tap feature between date/time and temp/steps works very smooth. Adding in the ability to open up apps by taping and indicator was a great idea. GET THIS WATCH FACE!
This is a stunning looking watch face. It has so many options, and the premium mode is fantastic with a great price attached to it. My only issue that I have, and I would like to stop the second hand ticking all the time... I do not know if this can be done or not though. Overall worth 5 stars
I'm using a nexus 5x on android 7.1.1 and a Huawei watch on the latest version. I've used it before on an lg and Moto watch. An amazing watchface. Just helps when it works.  I've resynced the apps a good fifteen times. Other watchfaces install but it looks like a lot of apps don't. The watch has been unpaired and resynced numerous times.
Just paid for this and it won't customize on my LG sport watch. Nothing from my phone syncs to my watch, and there is no option on the watch itself to customize. Would love to rate 5 stars if it worked. **Update** randomly synced over night, loving it! But the weather part does not work on my watch. Is there a special weather app I need downloaded?
I love this app. It is the cleanest group of watchfaces I have found.  I would like to see one thing implemented though- After changing the watchface or any settings, it does not update on the watch instantly. I've seen other apps be able to do this. I would like to see some "push changes to watch" action. Since being on Wear 2.0, I'm not sure if it is an issue now, but changes don't even reflect on the watchface, it seems. I'm stuck with the default white face. Thanks for any feedback on this thought. Edit: The face finally updated after ~15 minutes or so.
Hello! Great work with the watch face, but I have an issue with the installation. I unpaired my devices and I can't seem to install this watch face again. Tried with the resync and multiple reboots of both devices and nothing helps. UPDATE: Everything is fine, seems it just needed more time to update everything.
Very clean design! However, the steps indicator doesn't seem to be working when I press it. Also, I think the weather indicator should be changed - a graph around it doesn't exactly tell the weather. Perhaps options to customize what apps get opened when pressing the indicator would be great.
It won't install on my Moto 360. Bought premium, too. 1 stars until they fix it, or someone tells me how to fix it.  So, I've tried unsyncing and resyncing at least 6 times, in a varied amounts of ways, and every app, EXCEPT THIS ONE, syncs.                                                                                                              UPDATE: Turn off wifi. I have no idea why this is causing the problem, but you need to turn off the watch's wifi, and it'll appear.
Hey I have downloaded it and purchased Premium as I love the design and options. However it is not appearing in android ware for use. I have restarted my phone multiple times, restarted my watch, resynced, factory formatted my watch and non of it appears to be working. Do you know anything about this or why?  I would love to use the watch face and it's dissapointing to have so much trouble with it
Love the option for different logos at the bottom and the night modes Edit:  doesn't work anymore. Started crashing my watch then when I tried uninstalling then reinstalling it it wouldn't load on the app. Please help.
Weather feature not working with Huawei watch. Option to change font size and colour would be much better and phone battery display is not synced to actual battery levels. No real benefit to paying for premium
Installed and paid for premium but watch faces never appear on the watch and changes in the app don't get saved. Tried to sync and resync apps on the watch and uninstalling and reinstalling but still doesn't work.
No matter what i do i can not make any badge pop up with the watch face on my moto 360 2nd gen any suggestions? It didnt work i think its the app. Thay didnt work either im giving up @developer
The trouble with a lot of AW watchfaces is that they try and look like a real analog watchface, when it isn't a real analog watch. Makes your smartwatch look like a toy. This gets the balance right in looking a bit digital but also with a touch of old watch class. Very well done.
Nice looking watch face, and nice premium options, however it doesn't seem to update on the watch when you change the face on the app. I have to change the watch face settings, then change to another watch face entirely, then back to this one for the changes I've made to work. Fix this and I'll be using this face all the time
Love this watch face. The best. So I was having trouble installing the watch face. It was on my phone but couldn't select it on my watch. I had to go to the play store on my watch and scroll down. It displays the apps on my phone. Found it then download it. Easy.
No update for a very long time..and i bought this app! So disappointing! At least update it with a new theme!
Stunning watch face, and the premium features cost almost nothing. Although, I would love to be able to position all of the complications on one page instead of having to flip between two...
Worked great, but now the weather option isn't work. Says that there is an error. Emailed and haven't heard anything :\
Nice watch face. Seems not to work with Android 7. Not able to see it on my moto360 After updating to Android 7.  Samsung Galaxy S7
Great but room for improvement.  Maybe an option to make "custom themes" such as selectable background from colour or image. Or mix-and-match components from the themes, like the yellow hands from one theme, onto the green background of another.  Also, a programmable app shortcut would be excellent, such as a portion of screen that can be programmed to allow the user to open a specific app of their choice.
Would like to have a cross as one of the badges, but you won't find a prettier, more customizable face for the price. Use it all the time. Love it!
Seems like restarting phone and recreating Bluetooth pairing fixed it finally. The app does what it's for, would enjoy some more skins in the free version, maybe then I could decide if I want to buy also.
I am using 6P and Moto 360 2nd Gen and I bought your premium version too but the watch face is not showing on my android wear faces as well as on my watch. I resynced all my apps even upaired and paired the watch again, still nothong. Help me out
Great app, very less battery consumption. But can you please include custom badges ?? That'd be awesome !!
I've been using it for a while now, but when i reset my watch it suddenly stop working. The things i change won't be saved, and the face doesn't show on the android wear even though i have resync the apps many times already. Not sure what is going on. Please help.
Updating review as the issue with launching on my wear was my own. Now that I've been able to use it a bit I think this is definitely one of my favorite watch faces. Nice balance of simplicity and functionality and the built-in​ themes are well made.
Changes made to watchface in phone is not getting updated on my Moto360 2nd gen. Useless without syncing not working.
This is the best watch face i can find ... Love the sunglasses badge would like more badges and the option to such the minute markers around the edge .But apart from that it's truly worth it
The face is perfect while active. But the ambient mode needs updating for non-LCD screens. For the OLED based screens, leave the color, and remove the unnecessary pixels (the neon wires), to save battery during ambient mode. So I guess there would have to be a watch/screen option to accomplish this. Add this option and it is perfect. But if you can live with these nitpicking, it is one of the best watch faces.
Another great face ruined by black&white ambient mode. Why make a beautiful watch face and ruin it with an awful ambient mode. Give me the option to use ambient or not. You forced me to get a refund. Fix that and I'll repurchase and promote. also, l=no response from developer on this dim issue. if they're not even willing to address yes or no just avoid this face.
Love the way it looks. Working well on my 360 Sport. Think I would like the ability to do a bit of customising, only reason it is not 5 stars.   Edit: Unfortunately this watch face causes massive disconnection with the phone. As soon as activated, starts disconnecting.
Great watch face, just need an option for simpler DIM mode (without all the extra wires, lines and arrows, only keep the essential info) and it's perfect.
Love this. 5 stars if you implement an animation that resembles the flicker of neons switching on from ambient. That would be awesome!
Can not change from 12hr time to 24hr time
looks great. would it be possible to get an option for small notification cards? the big ones cover too much of the watch face.
Looks awesome for about five minutes.. Reminds me of those Late Nite Doritos Cheeseburger bags.. Five stars if weather could be integrated..
But could benefit from some customization options.
Looks really good on the 360. I think custom colours would make it even better
One of the best looking watch faces on the Moto 360. Very well designed. Hoping to add more customization features in the future.
Saw this face on reddit before I even had my 360. Was the first Face I Installed and I absolutely love it.
Please remove the date. Does not go with this face
It's fresh. Must have watch face for the Moto 360. Cheers!
Would love some options for customizability.
Personally I preferred the simpler look
Different.  And it rocks.  Crystal clear.  Love it. Add weather and it will be the ultimate.
Hope they add more colour customization.
It looks stunning on my moto 360!!!
Awesome watchface. The developer communication is great as well! I highly recommend these watchfaces!
Love the app wish you could add the date somewhere and possibly change the color scheme.
I would like to see a settings list added so that I'm able to change the 12/24 hour manually, brightness, etc.
Not bad would like some options for things like 12/24 hour, maybe a date somewhere on the screen but overall is pretty cool.
Adds some nice funky colours and design. Love it. Well done dev.
Creativity at its best!
Watch face didn't show in my android app and I also have other rabbit watch faces so I am not sure what happened with this one.
Very decent and elegant watchface for moto 360
All in all a good watch faces, but with the new update I don't like that you can't customize the colors and it has a stupid ui and it freezes and you can't customize it. Definitely needs more work with the new ui in custom settings!
I'm not understanding why when you go into settings to configure nothing changes you can't change the color or anything why is that
Can't change color or choose between Celsius and Fahrenheit  because there is not a settings icon.
Works well on Samsung S7 Edge, great work guys.
Well made!  Thank you for a great product
Like the watch face but it drains my battery
Can't figure out how to change color, city for weather, Celsius to Fahrenheit, etc...
RAM
Really nice watch face for Halloween. I like the blinking eyes :-)
Awesome!
Please add the. Date and day of week
My go to Halloween watch face
Works great on Moto 360 2nd edition. Thanks to the developer.
Doesn't overdo the spoopy
So cool
Nice animation
I don't have an android watch, I have tizen Samsung gear s3-- but I love this watch face!! Anyway to convert it? Let me know and I'd pay for it!!
Does what it says!
Can you add some way of customize the flags?
I love the look & logo. I just wish the watch hands were located on front layer instead of under the logo. Unable to see most of the time. Also wish the widget displayed fonts were larger, barely able to see steps taken.
I couldn't get the app on my phone to adjust the settings (even following the intrusions provided). When I tried to open on my phone from the watch it just opened the play store screen which is not useful.
So I want my money back cause I can't even use this app. Nothing shows up on my phone or watch. So I'd like a refund ASAP
Crashes all the time on my lg urbaine annoying
not what i expected it to but its fine
Love my new face watch. After downloading on your phone u need to install it on ur watch in the app section !
An absolutely beautiful watch face from an amazingly talented developer!! Takes me right back to the 70s TV show.
Love the watch, but heart monitor widget not showing anything
Elegant design. Works beautifully.
such a beautiful design
Needs work on the Moto 360. Please include an option to remove the numbers. If you could make the other rotors for hours and minutes appear "behind" the seconds instead of a "ghost" effect, that would look much better. Thank you for your hard work!
Could you make an Android app or widget for my phone like this?  This would be a must have! Thanks.
I cannot get this on my galaxy gear 2 watch please help
The words on the rotors are a little too much... But pretty cool idea!
Needs to be optimized for the moto 360.
Just don't like the design for the Moto 360
3 Stars only because the black background is is more like a light grey. Darken that up and 5 stars
It says the application is installed on my phone but I can't see it.
i installed, but it didn't show up on my NEXUS and MOTO 360
Doesn't show up on watch or phone...
Doesn't even show up!!!'
cool
Very cool. One I like to use... Or should I say it doesn't install.. Dearp de dearp (jk)
I hit join in Google + but can't find the app
Doesn't work
Works great hope you get the small needle working soon
Can't find the thing... whomp whomp
Love it!
Moto 360 can't find it
requires paid companion app
Doesn't work
Nice watch face, and customization options that allow me to achieve displaying the information desired, but does not feature an ambient mode, so I will not be using it.
Read reviews before purchasing. The Watchfaces is well made. However, the notifications aren't accurate. Currently, all the app can do is change color on the fonts, but that's it. While the Watchfaces and concept is nice, everything else doesn't work as advertised. Do not waste money until the developer decides to take proper action towards these things.
SMS and email notifiers have never functioned. Number of SMS and emails have remained the same on watch face regardless of the number of notifications on my phone.  Watch and phone battery have been fairly accurate though.  Eagerly awaiting updates to fix the notifier issues
I bought it, and the FIRST time I installed, the watch face installed correctly and appeared to run normally.  BUT I returned it because it wouln' customize as I needed.  Today a friend tried my watch & reinstalled it, even buying it.  It still won't customize & THIS TIME there's  no refund  A ho-hum  rip off
Wish I would have paid attention to the reviews. This watch looks great, but the notifications DO NOT WORK! I had hoped that buying the pro version would have active notifications, but that's not the case. I had also hoped that there would be more settings than just color change, also not the case. Save your money!!
Notification Icons always show 9 messages and 14 emails.  They never change.  Actually, the phone battery percentage doesn't work either.  And I don't know what location it's using for weather, but that is also wrong, so the only thing that works on this is the time and watch battery %.  I paid for this?!?!
Installed free version. Wanted to change so I bought 'pro'. Doesn't show up even when I do resend. Only free version. Very disappointing.
It's okay, doesn't blow the hair back. Ux is clunky.
Rip off after going pro you still have to pay for the black face. I'm removing and getting my refund.
Keeps crashing on my S5 so I can't change any settings. I would have given it a ZERO if I could. Absolute garbage!
Funny you realize you messed up and just remove the refund option all together. Do not purchase, nothing works.
Just crashes watch and crashes phone when you try and go into app settings
Asks for purchase, then doesn't unlock promised features.
Notifications don't work...
I couldn't even set the theme...
Looks clean and beautiful, but SMS indicator doesn't work!
Won't allow customization
Thanks
The face tells the time, I'll give it that. The unread message count reads "2" with unread emails at "4" even though both should be at 0. The settings allow you to choose a different color for the face, different from orange that is, yet it never changes on the watch itself.
I like this watch face, but seriously its got to work. Phone battery status is off all the time, and this so called premium feature is just to change colours?  the main logo for the app on the play store is wrong as it does not offer me the missed call feature and the mail and sms ntification numbers while do work take what feels like a year to update and I will still see a notification around half an hour after reading the message. I would pay the price for this face without messing around with a free app then getting the paid version. it should be easier than it is.
It crashes as soon as I attempt to edit it. Refunded.
Great idea, terrible app. This is an easy way to lose money.
No customization, message indicators were inacurate, dimmed screen doesnt match the lit mode, didnt show phone battery and an app icon didn't even show up so I could see the settings. Utter waste of time, it's basically a digital clock on top of a stock image and as such lacks any utility
And there is no setting
In the android wear app I try and go to the settings and the app crashes.
Shuts down everytime I want to customize the app. In fact, I've never gotten to customize it
I just ask for refund... Looks great but there is no use to pay if wont work
Doesn't unlock anything. It's a scam
Tried to install and use 2 times on Note 4/Moto 360. App is not road worth yet. Buyer beware.
Updates to status messages never change.
I really like the minimalism of this watch face, especially when the thickness is turned very low. It use this one as an alternative to the Essential face. The inactive state is maybe almost too simple, but I don't see how it could be improved. My favourite detail is how the animated second bars break around the edge of the glass on Moto 360 - not sure you get the same effect on other watches. One minor nuisance: a "init UI error" is displayed when I switch to this face, but it only shows once.
All the usual options needed: Date formatting, weather, lose leading zero in hours in 12 hour format, adjustable full brightness time length, add : between hour : minutes, fonts, colors. In general though, the beginning of a very nice face.
Settings are unstable. They don't remember what you previously entered so when you go back to tweak something, it resets everything. Also the date isn't visible in ambient mode. And to top it all off, the animations are choppy. Not a good face.
I loved the older version, but this yellow version with lines in the side is ugly to me. And what's up witj going to 24, when it should be 00, that's just strange.
Would be nice to choose a different colour but nice none the less. Also to turn off the lines around the outside.
Love the font thickness option. Could a color option be in the next update? Personally not a fan of the yellow. But looks great nonetheless.
This is a great looking watch face,, but the ambient light and font thickness setting reset every single time I try to set them to my preference.
Would be ok but every time I change the settings they go to default when I go out of the app.
Really good work, I like the simplicity of it, but there needs to be a colour setting or the option to but different colours
I love this watch face but I wish we couls change the colors, especially the yellow.
One of my favorites, but wish it had the option to show battery level...
Not adapted for Moto360. When Ambient Screen is active, it doesn't show the time.
Great aesthetics but needs thinner font when enlarged
Being able to adjust thickness was perfect. Am I missing something though, is there not a way to make it 12 hour mode?
Did not look as good as displayed in screenshots on the Zen 2. Quite clunky animation, especially on the 59-00 second.
Stuck with yellow color theme, crappy font selection, bad animation.  User options are very limited.
I would like to be able to pick a time before the ambient screen cuts in.
Cut part of the zero off in the minute portion
Super cute! A little fussy to find settings in your phone but I figured it out after a few minutes. Works great!
I'm okay with ads on free apps, but I shouldn't have to deal with them on apps I pay for... that's the main reason why I will choose the paid versions. Shouldn't be both. Refunded.
A very adorable watch face. Having the little scene play out, with Santa landing and the children grabbing presents, is very charming and fun. I was surprised how smooth the animation is, and while it will probably drain your battery more than a less animated one, I never felt it was doing so at an unacceptable rate. Just be sure to have your watch either turn the screen off or go into ambient mode after being touched.
Probably the best Christmas face I have downloaded all season. Great job!
Love this app!
Love it works good.
cool and smooth animation, very cool theme , perfact watch face for christmas Event . Must Download It :)
Fluid animation, oddly satisfying textures, nice colors. Although being able to customize those colors would gain a fifth star!
Full ambient mode and a date option would get a fifth star.
3 stars because most are blurry (by design,  I  think). 5 stars for the ones that aren't. The red LCD with green bkgd is a frequent go-to watch face.
1. Add an option to display the date. 2. Make the seconds smaller.
Probably one of the best watch faces in my opinion. Simple and a marvel to look at. Keep it up !!!
Interesting!
I rated 2 because it cuts off on the top of my Moto 360 but the watch faces look really good
Please read the permissions before you download this app. It requires access to many things on your phone to work.
Great
Looks good but I'd like to see some options: set ambient mode same as lit face (just without movement), multiple backgrounds (e.g. black, gray and white) and color themes.
Watch face a bit too small for lg watch. Ambient mode just plain not well designed.
The ambient mode is what people will see most of the time when they look at their watch. If you guys can make the ambient mode the same as the face when the watch is active (without animations) I would give it 5 stars. Look at the ranger watch face for example which ambient mode is almost as good as the face when the watch is active
Doesn't look good like the photo's in play store!
Seems ite
but really could use a square version.
Please make darker background!
Just original.... AND REALLY CLEAN.
Looks great!
Amazing design. This is my favourite watch face so far yet. For me I want watch faces that focuses on look and feel rather than "features" for telling me about the weather, temperature or let me ruin the watch design by changing it colour. This design nails all the reason why i want a good looking stylish watch.
It would be 10 times better if you could make it darker. It's way too light
What Dayo said. Great watch face. But it would be top if it was dark like the default Moto "Minimal" Watchface. Looking forward to that update!
A classic watch face for Moto 360.
Eh
When a notification card appears, you cannot see the gear or seconds. Not a big deal, but the addition of translucent cards would be great!
Watch face has so much potential but it is wasted when the face switches to a full screen face every 5 seconds. Please add option to choose
This is a brilliant, but simplistic watch face. The gradients make the turning gears look elegant, and the overall face is very appealing. This is a watch face I can wear in a suit or shorts.
The watch face is very smooth and simple and just fits for my business wear collection. I would love if in dimmed mode both hands would be a little tinner and remove the screw in center and also make the color of 12,3,6,9 hour shade gold or silver.  Apart from that it works great
On a moto 360, it looks a bit low resolution, with fuzzy edges to the hands. I also don't like the fact that it reverts to a large single dial each time it wakes. Is there a way of keeping it on the main 3 dial face? Also, the date is off centre.
Nice watch face but please can you add the option to control ambient brightness, this option is pretty much essential on the LG G Watch R.
Very Nice...
Not bad but the outside gear jitters instead of spinning smoothly on my g watch R. Please fix. Edit: okay cool. Look forward to it
The app does not install properly. It won't display on the 360 or show up in the 360 software
Love skeleton watches, showing the insides doing work...   GREAT watch face. Love the ambient face too! That could be a watch face on its own.   Well Done!
The watch face is beautifully designed, simple but yet elegant. This is so far my favourite watch face I have yet seen.
When I turn the screen on the Moto 360 I get the "big" face, and when the screen comes on full it switches to the complete face.
Elegant with a nice of beauty, this is by far one of my top face for my Motorcycle 360.
Never installed despite purchase a few hours ago and waiting per developers earlier advice to another. Please issue refund.
Well done, among the top contenders. Just pure perfection.
Very nice watch face...this could be the best yet!
Stunning Interface - not seen anything like it elsewhere!!
Very well done! Looks great on my Moto360! Can't wait for the gold edition!
Unapologetically beautiful!
Nice looking watch face.  Takes a little time for the watch to appear.
I thought this looked good but in ambient mode it's just horrible.
Very poor quality graphics on my Moto 360 1st gen. Uninstalled.
Pls adv if I need to keep this installed forever in my phone or can be removed once saved in the watch.
please give us the ability to change the color on hands and markers...
but day of week and date would be nice too...maybe a tap function to keep display clean 😉
day and date would make this watch face rated as 5 stars! =)
I like it so much
Simple and clean watch face with colors
Adds a bit of colour to a watch.
I just love the quirkiness of this one. And colourful sleep screen is cool too.
nice & neat. great design. thank you
Simply great! Nice selection of wallpapers, new ones are added quietly and they change appearance with the time of the day! A must have if you like stock Android experience and material design.
Really great wallpaper application... Simple and crisp wallpapers all the way.
Stunning wallpapers. Love the fact they change throughout the day.
The wallpapers look so sleek and stylish. I love them.
Truly beautiful application. Simple concept, executed perfectly.
It pretty cool but the production is a bit low
Very simple, such minimalistic , much love
great app. I wanted to give it 4 stars because i really like to see sth moving ( be alive ) but there isn't. for example it would be better if the water under the 7 picture from left to move slowly. the idea of this app is perfect but needs some more development. I gave it 5 stars to give u guys some satisfaction and motivation
Was a bit disappointed when I found that it still uses 80mb of RAM. But it's not battery-draining like other live wp apps, the wallpapers are brilliant as well as relaxing and everything's available for free!  Thanks to Jenny Hanell for such an amazing and relaxing live wp app which is light on both the battery and RAM!
Love the app, but I would like the option to use the old versions of the islands instead of the new redesigned version. For instance, I like the volcano with big ash cloud instead of small one, and the original sun (the new one just doesn't feel right to me, idk why...). To understand how big this is, let me say that you that you're tampering with somebody's wallpaper. If you're going to release an update that does that, even minor changes, give the option to switch between new and old. Maybe the new versions of the other islands look better than the others, it depends on the user looking at them. Nevertheless they are still great, as always.   Btw, on your donations section of the support tab, not even if you go to Burger King, 99¢+tax is NOT buying you a coffee, you might need a buck 50. Hehe. Donors beware of this tax, idk if that's the app or Google but it charges $1.03.
Amazing and interesting app. No pressure on the phone or you with set it and forget it method. But would love it if you could add various other places (like wonders of the world) and add one moving object that changes every hour (like the sun, clouds or small animals). Kudos
It is too simple. Like you can create it on MS Paint. There is no motion. It changes just 4 times a day. They are nice calm designs, but I expected a little motion or a little more change during the day. Still, good work 👊
Great app!! Super cute but also sophisticated material designs that change with the time of day. However I have a suggestion: the island changing with the weather in real life would be amazing! Hope this app continues to grow, and thanks for a free, no ads experience :)
It said live wallpapers, I don't see any. False description earned you a few thousand downloads. Even zombies are more alive than your wallpapers.
You could add more times of the day, so more wallpapers are changed during the day and maybe integration with some weather app for rain or snow effects..
Great wallpapers, unlike lots of other live wallpapers this has essentially no impact on battery life. The backgrounds themselves are wonderful, been using this for over a year now and can't imagine anything else
Liked the old sun colors better than the new pastels, but it's still a great app. Maybe release a classic colors pack?
Great wallpaper. Love the changes through the day and subtle movement when swiping through lockscreens. My only issue is that I unfortunately haven't been able set it as my lockscreen on my S7 for a while now.
Just perfect. My only suggestion is that it would be nice if u guys add a little bit of small movement like small bird flying over the sky, an airplane maybe.. stuff like that! It will be so cool and great addition. Keep up the good work!
Amazing wallpaper app I love it than any wallpaper app on playstore the wallpapers are very good and high quality but one thing I want that give some more wallpapers there good amount of collection but I change wallpaper more than 2 time in a day so use more wallpaper so please give more wallpapers thank you ✌
please re center the palm tree island and get rid of the hammock - it looks like panties stretched between the trees.
Awesome backgrounds and unique colors make for an awesome experience. Oh and they change color depending on the time. 6 stars
Bad 🐶...... Bad, not so much of a choice, but I give more two stars because they look nice
Background goes away after a while and reverts to my old one.
Love it. I cant seem to have an issue. Something tho, maybe have a couple new live wallpapers Thanks
I really liked it, I just wished it had s little bit more movement. Maybe the sun light.
I like the simplicity. Would like to see Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's themes. One that changes with the weather would be cool too!
I really love the minimalistic design! It's nice that it turns dark at night :)
Add the option to sync your wallpaper with your android watch and possibly your pc somehow. Add the option to daily randomise you wallpaper on your android watch.
I really love this app! I'd really love to see more wallpapers, especially mountains to be implemented!
Keeps crashing on my Pixel XL, very nice app if it works for anyone else though.
Just bought you a beer via the app 🍺 beautiful, lovingly crafted wallpapers and an excellent creator with a great app development philosophy.
I love this app, for it doesn't draining battery. The wallpapers are great. I hope they will update some more wallpapers soon.
Love it so far, but i wish there was a little movement in the wallpapers...
You should add more isles and the randomization should be fixed great app 😍😍
This app is great and I am prepared for the day where you start to make more wallpaper apps!
please add option for dual sim sets, so that dual sim can have different wallpapers. thanks!
I liked this because the live wallpaper design is super good and no lags! Good job!
Please update more designs.. please make a launcher with the same concept.. loved it.
Disappointed with the new islands
Need a refund. Tried to open up app after downloading to my phone. It won't even open up. Does nothing. Developer please respond to give solution or refund.
Dear developer, I have a fossil Q Marshall. The pitch and roll on the Artificial Horizon does not work. I request you to modify the app. I tried selecting either pitch or roll but it did not change. Otherwise a nice app. Really happy with this . Thanks
Hai dear can you please make this same watch face for Samsung gear s3, because I like this cockpit watch face too much. I buy this S3 Gear because of this cockpit watch face. But cannot install. Please Thanks and best regards  Emmanuel Titus
Graphics are a little jittery, but really fun still.
can't find it on either my phone or the watch
I love this beautiful watch face
Appeals to the pilot in me
Great looking watch face!
Works perfect on my moto360
I just want to stare at it constantly but I guess I should listen to the passenger screams and focus on flying the plane
Had alot of watchfaces since Androidwear was launched but this one is the most fun to use. Check out the developers other apps as well.
I love it and it is just awesome
It looked great until the screen dimmed....only the top dial turns green against a black back ground. If you have OCD then having uncentered dials will annoy you. Had the refund and uninstall
Does not allow you to have a refund.
It would be great if it stayed connected. Maybe it's just not compatible with Android N 7.1 yet? If it did ever work for me, I would like to see user customizable faces. Colors, hands, etc.
Terrible app. Free version is glitchy. The watch face is of poor quality. If you want me to buy it make your 10 day trial worth it. No where near worth it.
Terrible app. Very glitch and doesn't even have MLB.
Paid for the app and NCAAB is empty in March? No scores?
The watchface are beautiful (love the dwsign) and i can follow all my sport league.
Works perfectly and the dev team is great in getting back to you. Thank you and great job.
This is a excellent app to keep up with  sport scores, if you own an android wear watch. The the developer is very responsive and helpful if you have any questions or need help. Thanks for a great app.
It works very good.
Very cool and simple app.
This is a great app who can tell the scores on the go! Pretty handy!
Love the elegant look.
Such a great app, I love getting updates for all my teams as soon as they happen. And the faces are so sleek and subtle, no one even has to know
This watch face is great. I can get the score of my favorite hockey teams with a glance of my watch. It is on me all the time
Great app!! It keeps me from having to switch my phone on and off or refresh webpages to check the score when I am rushing home to watch a game.
Shows me everything I need to know for my team on my watch!
This app is amazing!!!! I love it.
Works great love this app
You can download it if u don't have anything good doing.... Cos it's a very useless app.... Rubbish...i regretted downloading it
Good look, well done.
Good and lovely
Good
*using Moto G2 with LG Urbane* the watch face looks great, and ambient mode is fantastic with the simple look, however there a few issues with the face. The unread message count is just staying on constantly after message has gone, and even after restarting the watch, and in ambient mode the now cards block the bottom of the screen which let to me turning off the now card preview. If these issue were fixed, the face would easily be 5*
This is a great looking face, but the say peek cards show in ambient mode isn't good. The background of the card is full black, covering everything. It makes the watch look like it has a huge flat tire, or like something's wrong. It doesn't look good at all. Ideally, I'd like to see the card background be semi transparent so the watch face still shows through. But even fully transparent would look better than what it is now.
Got this beautiful watchface but uninstalling because no option to to either manually enter weather location or to turn off weather widget.  Please create this option as having GPS running on my phone as it drains the batery. If the weather widget can be turned off or switched off or to another widget function I would buy almost all the Rich watch faces.
Was using futuristic for last few months but I like this one even more. I had a hard time seeing the battery levels with futuristic but the gauges on this one are easy. I really like the look of it. Two issues, temperature is unreadable font AND missed call icon doesn't clear after clearing on phone.
Would be five stars if not for a bug where the SMS indicator keeps showing 1 unread message. Lost another two stars for not updating since 2015 and the SMS indicator bug has been mentioned by other users for over a year.
Probably my favorite watch face right now,  but indeed hindered by the fact that it 'sometimes' shows still having messages when I have none. Please fix?
LOVE this face, one of my favorites.  Unfortunately I have the same issue as others with the unread messages (none are archived).     Update:  no stuck unread messages latley.
Would be perfect if there was an option for only seconds hand to animate upon wake up. With full ambient mode enabled, all the other animations look superficial.
This is one of the best faces I've used. Clean, functional and an attractive ambient face. More please, would like to see different styles on the same detailed design. Different hands option would be good.
Is there any possibility to have more ambient mode options. For example, use less pixels and remove white filling on the watch hands in ambient mode.
Although I've had issues with phone battery staying at 100%, but it is fixed by reloading the watchface. Don't know why.
Moto 360 says I have 6 unread messages when I have none.  Kind of useless feature unless its fixed.
Getting the missed call icon up and it won't go away.
This is the analog face I have been looking for all this time! The only thing missing is the ability to disable cards in ambient mode and it would be 5 stars all the way!!!
Like others have said, sometimes the notifications/badges don't disappear. Works great otherwise.
Temperature in Fahrenheit is not displayed properly. First digit is cut off .Would like to see more customisation.
In ambient mode - notifications aren't transparent. So they cover/block the lower part of the watch face! You should fix this!
Does not sync properly. Msg indicator has nothing to do with reality
It would be really good if the full ambient actually was full ambient, not a cut-down, black and white version of ambient. Ideally it should look identical to the active watch (but with no seconds).
I've had my Android watch 24 hours and I've already realised your watch faces are consistently high quality with great features. I have a bunch of them on my watch. Keep up the good work 😊
Love this face but the phone battery level never moves it always stays at 40% fix it and it's 5 star
High resolution, looks great on the Huawei Watch. Love that the hands move when you wake the watch to the proper position. Keep up the great work!
Looks great on my G Watch R. Is there any chance of an option to prevent the hands animating from 00:00 to the current time when awakening from Ambient mode?
Well this is a good face but cant get those notifications to dissapear ie the phone notification and messages notification, dont tryed everything
Either make the weather work properly or give me a way to hide the weather from the watch face and it will be better.
Its great i love it but one problem i don't want the screen to time out its the only downside.
Can't sync faces to my watch
Makes my rose gold Urbane look so sophisticated. The only watch face i use now.
Not open. I re installed but same.  Can you advise how it will be send and show on my watch.  Gear s2
Watch dead in a few hours, didn't make it to 2pm after off charger at 7am
Great face but can you make it so we can not show the weather?
Won't show up on my gear s2! Paid for it, downloaded it and nothing.
Very cool. But I always have 4 unread messages?
nice but it doesn't install on casio esd f10
Very Elegant
Lovely design
Awesome Watch Face!!
Ok
Would be great if you can remove  and change color/position battery meter ;)
Great looking watch face but says I have a missed text even after reading text on phone
Excellent! Any chance of a way to switch it to digital 12h with the background doing the same thing?
Excellent watch face
Been waiting on LoL watch faces. Might make one myself!!
It could be better if the resolution of background pictures is higher. But I guess that's not up to you right?? Also it would be great if it is better optimised for round watches like moto 360. Anyway it's still above my expectations. Good job!
Didn't match the moto 360 face. Pls fix it
I have a LG G Watch R and the face doesn't link to my watch. Very frustrated!!!!!!
I.have a Sony smart watch 2 and this doesn't work on so therefor I rate this app 1 for utter crap
Doesn't work
Works fine on my Huawei Watch 2 Sport
Great simple slick design. Well done
Ok
It's cool it's free
Good..
Great.... love it
Awesome
Great
Good, lacks features like date, battery level, etc. Looks cool, though
Haven't GoTTeN it 2 Open as Of YeT
Can't get it on my watch
Now I've downloaded it properly I'm quite happy.
I have one but l need one for my son, how can l get ?
It's ok and a little plain.
Looks great,,works well.
Sonthimg
Watch
very very nice
Ok
Watch
Excellent
Good
Superb
Good
Awesome
Just what I was looking for , very responsive developer ,very much looking forward to future watch faces ........I'll be checking on a daily basis , keep up the Great Work...
Beautiful face, get rid of the logo.
You should definitely make more colors or even a package deal like buy 3 and get 20% off. I would buy more colors. The only thing i wish you would have added is the date and a battery %.
Looks alien. Wished it has a digital display somewhere somehow.
Make a red color one!!!
Stumbled upon this yesterday and love it so far!  Has a nice simple design but has all of the features I like.  Has lots of customization!   the notification mode in ambient mode is brilliant.  Great work!  A+ The only thing I would love to have would be some kind of animated background.. but I am NOT gonna get picky!  :)
Really like the watch face. But I have been noticing some pixel burn-in on my LG Watch Urbane so if you could add a feature so that the elements of the watch face (clock, complications etc) move around every so often to prevent pixel burn-in I will rate the app 5 stars! Thank you in advance and keep up the good work!  UPDATE: a reboot fixed it. I will rate the app 5 stars because it was not your fault and for the fast response! Keep up the good work! I might donate as well :)
Fantastic watch face. After hours of digging through the garbage in the Store, I was delighted to find this gem.  I usually prefer digital clocks to the analog ones, but this Digilog thing is quite unique and actually easy to read while saving the minute marks engraved on the bezel of my watch from being redundant. Moreover, it remains mostly unchanged in the ambient mode, which is something many other watch faces can't brag about.  It also offers personalization using the standard watch face tools and without all the overly-custom nonsense.
It works the way my mind works.  I initially want to know the hour, and it gives me that without thinking.  Then I get to engage my brain a little bit a "figure out" the minutes.   Many times I only want to know roughly what hour it is during the day.  This allows me to know the general time at a quick glance, but also the minutes if I so choose to look and think a little more.  The complication are good if you want them.  Personally I just like the date.   Wishes? 1.) I wish the app complication would not be in color on the main screen but just greyscale (like the date)  2.) Options to change the size and font of the middle digit.  (neither of these is worth giving it less than 5 stars though, excellent job Seahorsepip !!!!!)
Would like the possibility to have two "large" complications.  Right now only the bottom area supports large complications.  Glad to have found a watch face supporting 2.0 complications though :)
This is a daily driver for me. However, I do have my own set of complaints. The ambient is kinda dim, with no way to make just the ambient brighter( and I know this can be done, as I have seen some crappy watch faces include this feature), and also I haven't found a way to make the battery complication look big like it does in the play store screenshots. However, apart from these things, this is one of the absolute best free watch faces, and one I would pay a premium for. Great work!!
I love this watch face. It looks beautiful, it's quite customizable considering it's free, no ads anywhere (just a Donate button, which I'll most surely use soon). It's also the only one I found that properly displays the read/unread notification status icons (so you don't have to scroll up to see if or what notifications you have).  Thank you, developers.
Love this watch face. Might just be me, but how do you have the large complication?
Awesome premium and free elegant customisable watchface!  Hopefully more options come out, for example a full analogue face instead of just digilogue.
Love this Minimalist Design and would love to give it 5 stars, HOWEVER, the watch face is always removed and replaced with the stock Huawei 2 Watch Face every single time I restart the watch. I checked all settings and can't seem to stop this from happening... Thoughts??
This is my daily driver, at last, aesthetics and simplicity ...just one thing, very recently the weather complication is 'sticking' at the last location it was..could be AW 2.0 update has broken something..
Love the watch style, love the customizing options. But would love to have a full analog watch without the number on the middle and some more customazions on the tickers. Thanks for the great watch face
Excelent watchface, design is very cool, it lets you set background images and alternate backgrounds, personalize colors, complications, notifications. Perfect
Love just about every bit of it. I do wish that I could make the font a big larger and change the thickness, especially on the center hour number for digilog.
Absolutely fantastic!   The best and most complete selection of secondary indicators, elegantly simple yet practical in tenths of ways.   Well done.
My favorite watch face so far and one of the few that has all the new Android 2.0 features. Highly recommend!
Love it! Up to 4 complications and customizable. All for free. Donated!
Great minimal watchfacw, especially in digital mode, however it would be nice to have more space for complications
Good watch face but no longer have option for 3 complications.  Only 1 widget.
Minimalistic that supports Wear 2 complications.
Love this watch face simple enough to look good but customisable enough to be unique.
Perfect and by far the best watch face available on here! Great customisation!
Great watch face that improves upon the default.
line
simple is best
simple and easy
Great watchface
Looks great and is fairly customizable, love it!  Complications are shown during ambient mode however and I'm not a fan of  that :(
Very unique way of handling non-persistent Data Providers, I dig how it repositions things to avoid having a gap. Really cool!
Like the look. Needs some options like progress rings for battery and other complications.
Love it!  I will try other watch faces but always come back to this one.  Best looking and just plain cool.
I'm liking this watch face very much.  Great design and 2.0!  Thanks!
Loving this on LG watch sport
I like the minimalistic yet very good looking design of this watchface. It is working well. Very readable and again, it looks very good!
Forgot i had this. Downloaded this watch face i think a month ago and it doesnt show up on my phone or watch.
Really nice design. Great support, too. Looks great on my LG Urbane watch.
Extremely simple yet functional, it's also very beautiful!
Great for amoled screens
Like the classic simplicity in design. Well executed controls.
Ne fonctionne pas sur SAMSUNG GALAXY ALPHA
Never transferred to my watch or Android wear app. Read another review about slight delay but it's been 15+ hours. So disappointing.
Very attractive but not fully functional with Wear2 on Zenwatch 3.
Not showing up to use.
Does not automatically transfer to my watch. Can't  find it.
A lovely set of watch faces with lots of options for customization.
Beautiful designs what's not to like !
Very funky watch face. We'll recommended to anybody who wants something different.
I used it for a day because it looks cool and minimalist. I stopped using it because my watch had trouble waking up, only while using this watch face. I'm not sure if it's Orbital's fault or not; I just see that the problem goes away when I use a different face.
When I put this on my moto 360, it wouldn't turn on, it looks great, though.
Would love to see more colors in the future.
Love it!
Love the watch face but the numbers 11 and 12 are in the wrong place and there is no 10! Would happily give the app 5 stars if this could be rectified. Got it on Asus Zenwatch 2.
I like the watch face. There is a problem with it not updating the phone battery percentage, even after a restart. Fix this and I will give 5 star.
watch face is great looking & very functional. It keeps battery info for both phone and watch current, toggles between weather and steps, very easy to read. I love this app.  Even better, the developer was very responsive to questions I had about installation. I've Android Wear 2 on a Huawei watch.  I've been using the watch face for several days now and it really makes the Wear much more useful and valuable - highly recommended
there's a few errors in the square version: the hours are in the wrong order( 8-9-12-11), the 6 is too small? Also noticed that the automatic refresh for the weather doesn't work at all.  Please fix
On  the​ m600 the hours show "12" between 9 & 11.... Fix it and it gets 5* as it is it's just a bad joke
It goes 9-12-11 on the square face and the batter of phone doesn't update if it's on charge
Will not sync with the watch...Can I get a refund?....UPDATE, thanks for the reply, works fine......GREAT FACE!
Does not work with wear 2.0.
The watch looks great but I can customize anything on it. Just works as its downloaded.
Face is nice but it's a battery eater from fresh charge to shutdown probably 5 hours
I LIKE IT
This looks so Good... Love it
Numbers fixed, thanks but Forces closes constantly on SW3, uninstalled and reinstalled and resynced apps several times. Look forward to the fix to get back my favourite face
Knocked it outta the park once again
This is my new favourite, thanks
Beautiful design with all the features. My new favorite.
Great! But serious battery drain on phone....
Can't change the color by tapping the watch
Worked after around an hour.
But the face isn't centered on my 360. I see more beige color on the right edge than on the left edge.
I waited 13 minutes and the watch face never showed up in the android wear app or on my moto 360. I also don't like that it places an icon in my app drawer, plenty of other watch faces do not do this. Fix those two issues and I'm sure I'll be buying quite a few of your watch faces.
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Doesnt give option to send to phone
Won't load to my watch
It looked so cool!
Sick
Great
Pretty Cool!
Great design beautiful..but... The low power screen was way too bright... Drained battery from 100 to 0 in half a day. I usually have at least 30 to 40 percent with other faces... Lower power usage and it's 5 stars
I'm using this on my Huawei watch and yea, it does drain battery a lot! I usually can get 2 to 3 days on a charge but this killed it in 1. The animation is also laggy on the pendulum but other then that (which is huge) it's nice.
Phone battery not updating properly watch says 0% when I have 70%, battery enhancements are also welcomed I have alot of idle time drain...
Its amazing on my Huawei Watch clear and nice just drains battery alot
looks grate with all black moto 360 2nd gen
It works perfectly and looks just as good in sleep mode
The most Rock n Roll watch face I've found yet!
Very Metal!
Amazing design, clean and dark
Looks great on the Gear S2!
Good quality.
Creative and I love it
Simply awesome :)
Nice
Tried it twice it forced you  to install other apps that also don't work. Waste of airtime
Wish this had worked, seems like a decent watch face. Can see the app on my phone, but not in Android Wear, the settings don't stay set in the app, and it doesnt ever shiw up not on the watch. Restarted both, resynced the apps, nothing.  Guess that's why there's a refund button.  Read some of the previous responses and got it resolved. Very nice watch face.  You might want to fix that installation process though.
But sometimes to get quality you have to put out that money! This watch face is modern, elegant and informative! It's customizable and clean! Numbers are clear and the app does little to nothing to the battery. Highly recommend and look forward to future updates! 🙋
Tried loads of faces think this one's a keeper.  One thing I miss is watch battery meter. Could you add that as a option to the bottom right? I'm using a Sony smartwatch 3 and theres loads of space there.
I really like this watch design.  I thought I had battery problems with it but it seems to have resolved.  After using some other faces, the only things I would say this face needs are maybe some options for battery notifications in the top corners.
This is by far the best watch face  for battery longevity. All the others kill me LG G watch in 8 hrs.  This watch face will last two days. Also the dev is super responsive to emails.
This watch face is great. It's simple, quick to change settings, and easy to read. Only gripe would be no built in step counter or battery amount, but those would probably clutter the screen to much.
Hands down the best watch face for Android wear... Annoying to see it in my app drawer everyday though... Would easily be a 5/5 if it didn't have a stand alone app to modify the watch face and worked like every other watch face.
Moto, sony, LG need to spend more than 4 seconds on watch face design. Abysmal. They need to hire this guy.
Really nice-looking watch face, very much worth the price. Minor complaints: it could be a bit more configurable (a more flexible date format setting; choosing whether notifications, weather, etc. are shown in ambient mode; option to show battery percentage), and it includes a launcher icon even though the design guidelines specify that watch faces should not. Overall though, great watch face.
It has a lot of weird problems getting instslled, but if it eventually shows up on your watch it is a beautiful watch face.
It needs to be more customizable. I would love to be able to see my phone battery and watch battery from watch face. I  also wish I could turn weather off if I don't need it, usually I turn my phone/Bluetooth off so my watch is offline most of the day.
I love this watch face... Simple, useful, tasteful. I am only missing one feature, battery percentage, if you could please add this feature, this would be the perfect watch face, for me at least. Also, is there a way to have the background black on dark theme, but with the weather information in color? That would be great as well.
the kerning of the time needs work. on a Moto 360, the am/pm indicator bumps the side of the screen
For the love of god, please add manual location settings for weather! Ya killing me smalls
Great design but does not show up on my Gear Live version 5.0.2. I've done all that was posted to install but to no avail.
but doesn't quite look right on the 42 mm Moto 360 2. The weather icon isn't centered with the text.
This is a great app, it really is, but the weather is way off. At least in my area. Now if He, She or They could integrate the app called Weather Underground into it. It could be awesome. Weather Underground is always right on the nuts, because they use weather stations in your area. Hell. Sometimes in your neighborhood right the street. Swipe to right and get more info. Swipe again and more or just have it open the app. Anyways. Weather Underground is the sht.
Its looks great but th gps doesn't work on it. I mean my gps works on my moto 360 but when I run this face it doesnt work :(
Would love if you could add the option to not display the weather in dimmed mode, and only have the time and date visible. Thanks!
Please allow GPS to work on watch face using battery saving GPS setting. Thank you and keep up the great work!
Temp had been stuck at 53 for a couple days now
A very nice and simple Material Designed face for my watch. Only request would be to add battery level options for phone and watch.
Very simple, info I need, and the colors are great for matching what I'm wearing. Updated rating, weather doesn't always update. Still the best aside from that.
Very nice and clean watch face, weather info is a huge plus, and the ability to choose the theme color is also great. Keep up the good work!
Doesn't reflect screenshots. Everything is misaligned and off center. Looks like crap.
Cannot set the app. Got ripped off! Ridiculous!
Doesn't display correctly on moto 360 2.
Works great on moto 360 but on asus zenwatch 3 the proportion are off if they fix I would buy again for my new watch
.. weather textviews are not center aligned vertically on moto 360.
No matter where I go.. the weather is always 51 and cloudy. It used to work, but I've moved on now.
GPS doesnt work.
I've tried everything I can think of in the past day to get this face to show on my Urbane with no luck.
Design could improve center the time its more to the right.  digital clock could be in one color More color options Weather without gps
Just what I want for square Sony watch - simple and clean material design. Like it best on dark setting. Well done.
It would be even better if there was an option to have the weather centered vertically in the colored accent zone.
I love the way it's so easy to configure. I've tried hundreds of watch faces. This is by far the best.
👏 ( although I would like the option to remove the 2015, I know what year it is and it would make the face a little cleaner :-)
I just wish the weather is placed a bit higher so that notification like email doesn't cover the weather.
Elegant,  simple and readable.  My one wish: watch battery level should be an option to display.
I love the material design however developer is not good at responding at all.
Doesn't fit correctly on moto 360 and no animation poor.
Pretty cool. Wish it supported ambient mode. Like if the foreground letters got dim and  background letters disappeared.  As it is it is probably pretty easy on battery with my HW2 classic.
LOVE it!  It's exactly what I've been looking for and Romain helped me figure out why it wasn't working with my Zenwatch 2!
Would be nice to at least have a battery icon. But still, loved it!
Couldn't get it to show up as a watchface option.
A very nice watch face, looks just like the real qlocktwo. No complaints.
I like all the options... The best part is being able to change the language. Thanks!!
Great
I like it, but it's missing an option to change 'past' to 'after'.  "It's quarter after nine."
I love word clocks, so having one on my wrist is awesome.
Provide shortcuts to apps without the trouble to swipe through a list to find them. Best setup for me is grid launcher with blacklisted apps ending in showing only six app that I use the most.
I preferred it to wear launcher, since it is more responsive, but it drained the battery of my moto 360 like crazy.
A Great little launcher! Especially after making the switch from Apple. Just wondering if there is a way to arrange the apps in the iWatch theme.
I can't get it to work on my moto 360. Please fix this.
This Wear launcher is terrible. It gives you 4 launchers to choose from, and one doesnt even work!
Just swipe to see apps instead of going through menus and searching for each program you want to use.
I'm new to android wear, but so far, this app works very well and is easy to use.
Battery draining but definitely helpful.
moto 360
Finally got it to work on my LG G watch R and love it!
This is just perfect, very impressed
Good
Great download it now thanks for the application
Amazing app
Best launcher out there right now! So easy to use and works, very quick response times too which are a major plus!
In my opinion better than mini launcher, but it would be nice to see a feature that allows the hiding of apps from the drawer
Will let u know when I used it me than 5 minutes
Simple and snappy. Hopefully it'd stay that way!
Nice so far,  would love options to adjust icon size
Just the nature of 1st generation Android Wear. Not always responsive. Still a Solid concept.

Doesn't really work well with round displays. Responsiveness isn't functional. It's better than wear mini launcher though. I look forward to future updates.
Like it, nice set of features to customize wear launcher
Neat way to browse and launch apps from wear
Not sure if it's not shutting down or what, but if I accidentally open it then don't launch anything it kills my battery.
Appears to work well but it sucked down the battery on my Zenwatch. Unistalled
Did nothing but force close on LG G Watch R.
I tried all the launchers and I like this one the best... Unfortunately it drains the battery of my LG G watch in about 5 hours.
With moto 360
Drains battery on Zenwatch 2 in hours.
This is a MUST for all watches !
Bugs galore on lg g watch
Useful!
Love it
second time get this app after refund for the first time..can not refund for the second time,just unistall it..very dissapointed btw I like the design
Installed fine, but never appeared in Android Wear app or on watch. Weird.
Simple yet elegant.
Keep them coming,  love the look.
Using my Huawei watch the concept looks great, more interesting than just a traditional watchface on a digital device. Yet, my widgets never seem to work. When I get them to work then they only do so for a short period of time. I'll update some settings and then when I look later, they have reset themselves. I paid for pro and would give 5 stars if everything didn't glitch out on me. I would love an update that fixes the issues, if there isn't one coming then I feel I wasted the money to buy pro version.
I paid for the Pro Package and I like the app but many things are not working.  Quite a few widgets just don't work (step counter is wrong, OK Google doesn't work in any location, some widgets don't go away in ambient mode without any logical reason, Google Keep doesn't connect to the app, etc.).   I am using a new Huawei Watch 1.  Please correct these problems.  It's a great concept and an interesting visual display.  If everything worked it would be worth the money.  As it is, I will need a refund from the Play Store if these things can't be fixed.
Love the design and idea, but so many things don't work. Such as step counter and Ok,Google. Please, fix these bugs. It doesn't even display properly wear battery. I paid for Pro, but feel bad about paying for so many defects.
Whats the use of reminsing me an update is available ig I rndoemws you of "Could not even Connect to Gear S3 Frontier as mentioned  by another user.  If the App doesn't work on a specific device,.....  please indicate as such... looked like a kewl app...disappointed...
Keeps telling me my watch is not connected when it is. I can't even open the app.
All I get is a blank watchface, none of the widgets show up and none of the unique features work on my Huawei watch, I see this watch may not be compatible with this waychface
Looks cool but widgets don't always show and aren't responsive. Step counter is not up to date.
Gear s3, won't load on watch. Says it's not connected when it is. Unusable.
Nothing works
Watch face is installed on my LG Watch r with Droid Turbo 2 phone. And widgets are on watch face but they do not work.
Didn't work on my Gear S3 Frontier
Doesn't work on LG.. contacted support and never heard back.
Does not work on my watch
can not use moto360 2, it needs to install on watch and there is no option on the app on my phone to do that
Does not work on Huawei. Disappointing.
Installed on my LG v30 and LG urbane. Works like a charm
Totally unstable. Menu is not working and options reset themselves. I want a refund
None of the tap areas work the weather doesn't work the whole darn thing just doesn't work too bad
It's dead Jim!
Nice
Looks great on my Fossil Explorist, customisation options are pretty good.
The 5 side-buttons disappeared after I selected "Dark Background".  De-selecting didn't restore them so I un-, then re-installed Cronosurf...still no go.  I was happy to buy the Pro version. This gamble worked, all buttons are back. The problem seems to be with the code, not the hardware.  My phone is a Huawei Nova Plus, Android V7.0  Otherwise, Developers, take a bow for an excellent application. Thank you.
The best analogue clock simulation. Good enough app, great idea! In my opinion some features required. F.e. auto day/night mode by time or light sensor.
Totally fun and beautiful. What every watchguy wants in a real watch.
11/17/2017 Keeps losing background wallpaper too complex to set SAMSUNG galaxy S4
Awesome & Ultimate creation, keep the good work perpetual.
Excellent watch app
A good and well developed watch application. I like every bit of its functionality. I was a beta tester before moving to the pro version. I did not regret paying for the full version, it worth every penny spent.   I will appreciate if you can add the following to your next update   1. Hourly beep 2. Always on Screen but with a dim screen to save battery life. 3. can be made to be part of watch faces on standalone android watches.   I hope all these will be possible on your next update.   thank you.
Four years I have waited for a proper watch widget. Four years I have seen dozens of attempts, but none where convincing. This is even better i.e. a live wallpaper. I still can't fantom why there aren't more of these and in this quality. I mean, look at the great smartwatch designs nowadays, but still none of those for a smartphone. Only this one and it looks great and has loads of UI gadgets crammed into it in such a way a real watchmaker would be jealous :)
Purchased the pro version. Very promising, love the interface and look. For some reason after a day or two it slowed my Huawei Watch to a crawl, finally becoming unresponsive. Unlinked, factory reset and reinstalled, same thing after ~36 hours. Will retry when the next update arrives.
Love the watch face. Similar to a Citizen Ecodrive chronograph watch or a Casio Edifice watch. Has the look and features to match. Only thing I would like is a bit more customisability of the colours, e.g. being able to set the second hand and minute markers with a different colours. Top app though apart from that.
This is an incredibly well thought out watch face and is the only one in it's class for Android Wear. I'm interested to see if this gets complications support with Wear 2.0... Either way this is on my watch 24/7. Super powerful and on par with some of the most expensive watches out there.
love the watch face. Bought the pro version. Problem is it installed with a diameter of around 26mm and my KW88 is 39mm dia.I cannot seem to adjust the size.Please help
Hi. It is great dial, but I have the same problem as Avron Boretz. And after some time after device full charged I get huge battery drain. I also use Huawei Watch.
Got a smartwatch?....Get this! This is the best chrono watch by a country mile.It looks amazing on my LG G watch R. Not only does it look great it functions beautifully with very little battery drain........6 stars.
Watch works fine, offers great functionality, and looks good.  Also the support of the developer in case of problems is very fast and helpful.  All in all i am very pleased with the purchase an i can definetly recommend this app.
Please add notifications' counter since AW 2.0 changed notifications method. Other watchfaces' builders are doing this. Don't be late!
just bought the pro version. love it. however.  doesn't seem to be able to     turn on the live wallpaper on my Samsung S7 edge?
Very, very nice.  Didn't know what I was looking for til I found this one.  Grand kids love it too!
Looks really good. I especially like the unique monthly calendar ring. Some more button functionality for the live wallpaper would be nice (for example the quick settings when clicking in the center). On the whole, a really high quality, expensive looking app.
WHEN ONLY THE BEST WILL DO, Cromosurf's it. If you love tecky, plenty to fiddle with and heaps of USEFUL adjustments, DO not bother with any other as they simply will NOT do......!
Amazing detail, function and appearance!  One mode I'd love to see would be a "CONV"ersion mode.  Turn the date wheel into a flight whiz wheel or slide rule.  aka Citizen Nighthawk  Keep up the great work!
This watch face is really nice, full of functionality and shown information. The support is really kind, clever and quick.
The best watch face out there. It's all I use on my Moto 360 2nd edition. So good I payed for the pro version. Enjoy 😁
This watch face is exceptional in every way. Beautiful design and faultless operation combine to create the perfect compliment to my Huawei watch. Thank you!
Thank you for the prompt reply. Solved the problem!
Great watch, love it. I would like to see the monthly calendar ring reflect the actual number of days in the current month.
I love the watch face but do you have any plans to allow the user to change the background color?
Download the watch and I can't setup on my Samsung gear 3. I hope I can.
Live wallpaper setting in "settings" grayed out for Galaxy S8
Very nice style watch before one month tested then new purchased.
Beautifully built very complete watch, timer, time app! Worth every penny
Absolutely stunning. I have smartwatch version for my Samsung S3. A must have.
Does this work on the Samsung gear 3? If so how do I use it?
Muy buena aplicación. Impecable estética. Lo uso siempre. Felicitaciones a los desarrolladores.
Very well made little app, well done.
great job maybe the best for my x5
Kills battery
I've been using the pro version of this for a while and I really love it. I hope the developer keeps updating and refining this app, because it's my.favorite live wallpaper. It's battery consumption is low and it's a nice little Conversation Piece when someone sees my phone screen.
Now all it needs is to available on lock screen without having to open application first and the reset each time. Fantastic app and looks really good
Doesn't work on Android Wear 2.0. I downloaded it but it hasn't shown up in any of my watch face apps to choose as an option. I can only assume it's not getting picked up because I'm on Android Wear 2.0. Shame, should say so in the description.
I thought it is going to be a boring watch face but I was amaze with the movements on my lg g watch. All I can say is cute Japanese movement.
This is so much better than just the time. The interactions are actually very fun, everyone See's this watch face when I am showing off the watch
It is cute make some more
Doesn't eat battery. Cute animations. Needs an option for date and it would be perfect.
This app is not worked on fundo smart watch
I love the movements she makes!! She a bad!!! Works great with my mk all access.
One of the prettiest watch face on my Huawei Watch. Really awesome face and lovely animations too #💘
It's quite a cool watch face and surprises me everytime i tap on the little doll 😁😁
Love this watch face. However, it does not work on Android 2.0.
So JapaNice!!!
Sweet app...runs smooth...doesn't drain battery
On 2.0   Gorgeous animation, beautiful always-on version.
very cutes, couple of unexpected action, cute.
It moves so cute!
The girl is fairly cute.
Lovely cute and entertaining
On Michael Kors...beautiful. love it.
Love it :) She's so cute
Very cool app.
Liked it
Adorable!
Cute
cute
My "Opera Girl" must be real uppity, because she has yet to respond to any taps on my 1st gen. Moto 360 watch face! 😒
Great watch face.  Better if it includes  step counts or battery percentage.
从中国人的审美来看，这款表盘制作精良，绝对是良心之作
select Which you  w a nt for your lover  one
I agree with others, it needs to be updated to work with Android Wear 2.0. The last update was in 2015.
Screaming red but it look really nice.
Lovely! ^^
Nice
The black theme appears to be not working on my zenwatch 2
Oke
Face doesn't utilize OLED displays by using true blacks during ambient mode. Would be worth paying for if proper customization options were added.
This is a good looking watch face. No real issues until I started getting ad notifications. I don't mind ads but I don't appreciate them being sent to me in my notification bar.
Nice minimal face with good customization options. They 'forgot' that moto's have that flat tire when they were photoshoping though.
Didn't work
A shell? Nothing to look at. Nothing to use. Uninstalled.
I like it so much because it looks so simple and fresh
369
Nice look
Like
Mehdi
Super
Awsome
Good
Nice
Great
Nice
I'd give this 5 stars but there should be an option for a discrete seconds option for those who prefer the seconds hand "ticking" but it also saves battery for those who need it. Other then that great watchfaces.
You kindly fixed the size on some faces for moto.360 2.  Could you do the same for this please? :)
Took up only half the screen and the background constantly flickered. Fix the bugs...
The app does not work at all on my phone it doesn't load.
This is a great app and perfect for the MKBHD fan. Square watch face support added. Thanks for the great app!
Looks great and much more space efficient after lastest upgrade
Why all the permissions for a simple watch face? I won't be updating until they are removed.
Would like support for other watches tho like the Gear Live. Maybe expanded edges to fit a square display.
Nice watch face, especially for MKBHD fans. Would like to see a option to add date and battery life.
Would be awesome if Marques approved this
Nice watch face collection
Mkbhd fans
They only tell time, so why so many permissions?  Edit: lol now the Dev is lying to me about how android permissions work. I'm not dumb dude there are other watch faces with no permissions out there and they work fine.
I like the design a lot, but it looks supwr boring and hard to see in ambient mode. Needs some color in ambient and to not fade to dark gray. Those of us with round LG watches can see color in ambient, you know.
Downloaded, and synced for 5-10 mins, just like the instructions said. And.... Nothing.
I like this and I even got the pro version. However, it won't seem to let me switch between pictures once I had one set. I restarted both my watch and my phone, but still I see no option or ability to change pictures. Even adding new ones won't help. Once this is resolved, I'll give 5 stars. I have a Wear24 watch. Edit: I figured out how to change pictures from the watch. Still difficult, it's best to just keep my favorite picture in the middle slot. Now going with 4 stars. I'll rate it 5 IF it was super simple to switch pictures from the phone by tapping and choosing "apply" like with the Samsung Gear S3.
Fails picture sync most of the time. Automatically refreshes the watch face to bring back one of its default images. Not worth spending money! Disappointed!
This watchface awesome.....however, I do wish that it has a screen on duration time. Usually run my watch; tilt to wake off, always on off, so when I tap to wake, I want it to stay awake for 15-20 seconds at least.
like the look of the app. unable to sync pictures to my huawei watch 2 sport. Advise for 5*
Works awesome on my Fossil watch, not so much on my Moto. I love that it allows me to see my phone battery level on my watch I've been looking for that functionality forever.
okay I thought the app was good but I only have one problem with it doesn't give you that freedom that you want you can't really do anything you only have to choose certain pictures you want and the whole frame it doesn't really like say you can choose one picture that you want and no it doesn't do that that's the problem I have with it
Like it, but don't like that half the time it makes me open the app on my phone to change the picture. I wish it was a little more user friendly on my watch itself. Otherwise, it's a great way to customize multiple pictures faces for your watch. I have an LG & pictures look great!
I love this App! The creator of this App doesn't force you to buy the full version of it, which I will gladly do.
App works on Hauwei mate 8 but not sending any pics to Hauwei watch. When I select photowear on watch it says open app on to change settings...erm hello! its,already open.
I love just not sure how to add step count on watch face ? I bought the pro app.
Limited pictures, it would be great if the number of pictures increase.
Will not sync photos. I have tried about 20 times and it just shows the default ones. Pretty useless
It is hard to use not worth the time or money only works sometimes.
really good apps easy to use fast to install
Just started using this app.. Gud one to have for watch faces.. I would give 5*, if synching from fine doesn't say failed every time..
This works great on my polar m600
I gave this app a try for a couple of hours, and went premium. This app makes my Sony Smart Watch 3 looks more elegant.
Purchased the "pro", never would sync to device.
Love it once figured out simple tap on watch face opened the collage so differnt photos can be selected
No Gear S2 or S3 supported...
Excellent app, I pick the background and whatever features I wants such as steps, different time zones etc
Don't like the collage.  Need single photo face
Amazing app! Just what I wanted! It's so perfect and works exactly as I'd imagined!
It can't find my Gear Fit 2
I like to have my pictures on my watch i love seing my family everyminute easy to use
Does what you would expect it to do
It works well
Easy to use and I get the exact background that I want!  I love it!
Great app to use your photos as watch face.
Brilliant addition to my brilliant Sofia watch
Super Bass
Awesome app
Grat
Nice
best
Love it
Excellent watch face for using your own pictures. I thought it was perfect before, but now they've added complication support! 5 stars for sure. Please consider adding the settings configuration to the watch itself. Depending on the photo sometimes I want a different placement of the time, and as it is currently I have to change that on my phone. Could also allow for saving a specific display setting for each photo ahead of time. A small gripe but still my daily driver!
Like the app just don't like how easy it is to change the setting any slight touch and the settings change. Would be great if you could lock the settings.
Bought the pro version it bought it twice a d won't even sync to watch and still gives me the option to buy it not impressed at all
Awesome use my own pictures change font where the clock is battery I bought premium well worth it
That is kinda worthless if it isn't connected to at least Google fit.
Moto 360 gen 2 through a lgg4. It's very cool when it works, but the steps reset almost every hour
Love this watchface, it's great looking and simp!e to read at a quick glance. Unfortunately I've stopped using this because the splash screen that comes up everytime I raise my wrist despite using the always on option and this ruins the watchface as the small wait makes glacing at the watch pointless
Looks nice, and a cool concept. Terrible battery drain. Wakes watch randomly even when ambient screen and tilt to wake are off. Inaccurate step count. If fixed I'll come back and check it out again. I wanted to like it, but can't yet.
The idea is lovely. It uses a different count of steps than the actual Fit app so most likely these 2 will not match, which is OK. What I couldn't understand was the battery drain. My moto 360 lasts me whole day and 1 night. With this watch face running the new 5.1.1 It didn't last 12 hours. I changed the face for Driver and I was back on my regular consumption. So I just can assume it was the watch face Geox. Not uninstalling, I will wait for an update that addresses this issue.
1-Battery drain, 2- splash screen. It also do not keep the colour combination we had made if I select a different watchface and return to this one.
Negative step count, high battery drain, and an annoying splash screen every time I look at my watch? No thanks.
uninstall until fixed.
Real bad battery drain!
DOESS NOKT SHOKW UP 9ON ANDOID WAR4 ALPP
Gorgeous.  These folks make quality faces.  If I had one minor point of contention with this face, it would be the "always on" face is just slightly brighter than the normal face.  But whatever, it's beautiful regardless.  Thanks!
great!
Doesn't work my phone nor my watch!? Update... Talk to the Dev for 20 minutes as he tried to help with issues. Was not able to get it working, but was offered a refund. Very nice guy. I'll just be waiting for an update to see if that fixes the issues I'm having.
Did not work on my Samsung Gear Live.  Has a floating button to launch apps quickly, but the card does not show up on my Wear device.  Talked to the dev and it was only working in the emulator.  Hopefully he gets this fixed soon. Otherwise the app works as a quick app launcher.
Very cool and useful
Time and date do not work.  Like the watch is frozen.
I love it,  the only problem is, on LG urbane 2 it crash after some time and get black screen. Fix it and I'll ware it every day  .
на бэкграунде 3 гелика с флагом РФ
Keeps crashing all the time
Second best watch face i have found.
One of my favs
Did you even stop to think what this means to do many people?!  Who wants to wear such symbol as a watch!
It doesn't work for my u8 bluethoot smart watch
Looks nice.. Very clear display..indoors & outdoors..Even shimmers..like it would in the light.. Good stuff.. Keep it up.. Make some more :)
The design alone is good. I'd like to see other options for the lower dial, like those on the dev's other watch faces (weather, battery, etc.). The compass doesn't work, no matter how much you try to calibrate it. 4 stars if that's fixed, 5 for step/cycling sync with Fit.
Awesome face. It would be nice to test the colors without the app screen going back to main option screen every color change. Small complaint for a working compass on the huawei.
Doesn't do what it should. ..steps don't get counted properly. .if it worked if use it. ..another watch face disappointment. Ok watch face to look at.
The pedometer on this watch used to be reasonably accurate, and match up more or less with Google Fit, now it is typically several thousand steps short.
I've installed it... so where is the watchface? Doesn't show up in Android wear.
May be my favorite face. Not a ton of customization options, but in this case that's good, it saves you from yourself when you want to screw around with a really sharp design. Love being able to put my initials on it. Great feature, like developer's other faces.
happy with how it looks however have no idea how to customize the face, colors, dials or anything with it. please inform how to do this, I am using a sony smartwatch 3 (SWR50). if you cannot help me, I will be seeking a refund.
I absolutely love this watch face.  It is my goto face for my moto 360 smart watch.  My only wish is that there was a more "green" option for the color setting. But aside from that this watch face is battery friendly and shows all the info you need while looking like a real watch.  Worth the price for sure. And you can customize the text in the hallmark.. Even more to love.
I've tried many too many wear faces,   and this one is in my top 5.  Great sport watch look with lots of functionality.  The ambient mode even looks great and keeps me from having to tap into the fully lit face... So it functions much like your normal time at-a-glance watch without the ridiculous need for the constant wrist-gyrating gestures. That alone makes it worth the price!
I have this as my watch face most of the time now. Looks great on my Sony Smartwatch 3. Ambient mode is great too. The step counter is a nice dial to have, I just wish it was accurate. It would be nice to have the option to show the battery as a percentage rather than an icon.
Not sure if Moto 360 has a compass functionality, but it's always points to North. Any suggestions?
No settings available!
Like the look and the idea but I have no way to adjust settings on my zenwatch or note4. There is no escape watch face app in my app drawer. Therefore I can not try the compass feature and the pedometer counts almost triple the steps
It is awsome. Works as advertised, cant say the same about any others. I wrote my name on its face even. I recommend it highly. Woks excellent with Samsung Gear.
The watch face is great, but the step count is wrong. Not sure where those numbers are coming from, but they do not match the Google Fit numbers that are on my watch.
The selection of colors coupled with the on screen customization makes this face really well done.
Steps are not read from Fit, they seem to be counted from time of turning on watch face.  Otherwise, great look and compass seems to work.
Not sure if the huawei watch has a compass built in, but it doesn't show up on the watchface
I was begged to rate before I tried it out. I'm sure it's fine
Can't figure out how to customise it as there is no phone app.
This is one of my favourite watch faces. Works well on Moto 360 second generation. Thank you!
It would be 5 stars if you you could have a third option to change 2nd dial to battery indicator.
A face for every occasion, and then some more!
So I'm uninstall it!
What's depicted in the picture is all you can change.
Love this watch face - one of my favorites
I like it even it could be better
...needs the extra settings as found on the Ranger face.
Brilliant app no issues at all
Your Legacy 2.0 watch face is way better
won't load
Very nice
Solid and well designed.
Working well
Nice and bright ambient mode with legible time. Amazing how many watch faces get this wrong. Great work.
Love the design, need option to disable bottom dial. And also battery optimization please ;)
After recent update hands color does not change
Get it!
I love it this is my 3rd face from your collection
I keep coming back to this face because it's attractive and very readable in both regular and ambient modes (on Sony SW3 in my case), and because the square face is well thought out rather that just being an afterthought. However, I have never been able to get either steps or compass to display useful values. Frankly I don't care about those very much anyway, and would be happy with an option to turn both off and display nothing there. I'd be 5 stars if I could just hide those, or maybe replace them with an outside temperature display.
The watch faces Quality are very bad on the watch, Ads are insane
This app is a ad in a ad covered by an ad.
Sweet
Bullshit
It demands you to download other apps don't waste your time with thiso
Jakasssssssssssssss
Love the watch face. Nice and minimal design. Could you please support complications also? 4 complications would be nice then I could make this my daily watch face. Also a notification dot / indicator would be a nice feature. A lot of new watch faces around play store have the same implemented into them. Thanks and great work!
Nice so far. Needs complications and would like to hide the second hand. Would buy the full version if it had at least those.
Gr8 watch face. simple. good
This watch face looks fantastic on my Sony SW3. It has very visible face, time , date, battery level.lovely colour. Perfect saving mode. Just perfect
This watchface is great on my Ticwatch 2. I love the simplistic design. I really wanted an analog & digital watchface and this works great
I love it, however I was disappointed that there was no 12-hour option. Other than that, great watch.
Wish you could change time format, maybe see battery level. Very pretty and smooth.
I really need to see date, so it will be 5 stars if you enable us to make some modification.
Tornado looks great and works well.
Very good
Really attractive looking and fluid movement - it just needs some tap actions so you can see calendar, weather, steps, etc.  Keep working at it..!!  :-)
Not bad watch face. The watch face could have been maximise to a slightly bigger face. It's a bit small & cramp in my G Watch R. The hour & minute hands show correct time in idle mode. Too bad no small face & lack of customisation...
With much more customisation... This could be one of the best
Hi the clock is verry ciut becouse I love animals special cats and dog :)  ;)
this app is . it does everything that I could ask for in regard to the Bible on my SmartWatch.
A must have Bible app!!!!!
Nice watch face, but apparently I can only read the bible if the watch face is running.  Turn off watch face and no way to read. Am I missing something?
What in incredible watch face! I just downloaded this and can't wait to see how the scripture evolves over the next few days. Thank you!
Awesome!!! Thanks so much!!!
I really love the app; the kitty is so cute! However there is one draw back, the date doesn't update on the watch face unless I switch over to a new watch face and back to this one. It's a bit obnoxious given that I look to my watch to quickly tell me the date
I really like this watch face and what I love is that the more steps you take, the more active the cat becomes. Unfortunately, I keep having issues with it not updating the correct day of the month.
This is my favorite weekend watch face. A little fitness, an adorable fat kitty working hard to lose weight, and support for custom complications... What's not to love?
The premise is great & although it's fun to have cats on my phone & watch the activity tracking is wildly inaccurate. Records steps with my phone/watch on a table at night charging & reported zero steps after 9 hours on my feet at work. Activity detection is enabled but been stuck on zero steps for a few days now, the changing faces/activity rewards seem completely random too & don't relate to anything. Probably going to uninstall. Shame. Pixel XL/Android 8.0/Sony SW3
unfortunately the 2.0 update broke the complications...please fix this!!  i used to love this app
On the new update, the date values does not get refreshed. Wrote to the developers but did not get any response
it doesnt refresh the date or anything. PLEASE FIX. I love this watch face!
Excellent combination of form and function. Would love more apps like this!
This is the best app ever for fitness! It's fun to see what the kitty will do next!!! I love it!!!
Now that it supports wear complications the left and right complications are optional. It would be awesome if the bottom step counter with paw was also optional.
Best ever watch face!
Works great for my watch! I found myself walking more to see what the cat would do. I do hope the dev will make other animals or color schemes in the future to keep it fresh.
App on phone shows correct steps, but I bought it for the watch face, which doesn't work :(
Super awesome watch face, but I notice greater baterry drain since I have this watch face.
Way cool
Love the design and the simple clean ui of it
It will not connect to my Samsung S2 gear watch...Please refund my money and I will be happy to remove review!
I have Fit installed and activity detection turned on, but the only thing that will display on the watch face for my step count is "!2!".  Otherwise, it's adorable.
The app is counting steps, but I only see them if I look at the app on my phone.  The count on my Moto 360 2nd gen stays zero.    I made a couple of small step achievements & at least one reward showed up. / Update on 28 Dec 2015 - I tried out the "Together"  feature and when I changed the watch face back to cat fit afterwards, it started syncing the step count & kitty achievements & showing them on the watch.  Step count is higher than actual still though. Want more kitty achievements.  :)
I don't see my steps on the wallpaper version and it shows different steps on app and the watch
Very nice app. I like that you can complete with your friends with it. It would be cool if you could customize the background color, and the info it displayed.
I like this app but it doesn't sync with my Moto body in fact it was going backwards so have taken it off my phone which is a pity.
Its a lovely watch face and very cute but it isn't displaying my steps from my  fit app it keeps saying "0"
Just installed on Note 4, Moto 360 today. I was already using Fit and tracking activity before installing. Steps have changed a few times but the number isn't close to what Fit shows. Hoping it will improve tomorrow.  Update: steps seem to be more accurate now and I like this fit cat a lot!
Just like my real cat ... I call them my loaf cats. ;)
It looks cute on my watch, and my kids like it.  The step count won't work unless you turn on Activity Detection in Google Fit.  I'm not sure why it has that requirement when other watch faces do not.  I'm not very comfortable with Google Fit's required location tracking feature.
All of my other watch faces show up without issue, but this watch face refuses to show up
I installed Google fit as directed and the fit cat rarely counts my steps. I would like a refund but that doesn't seem possible. Don't waste your money.
Really cute app. It was working really well, but then suddenly the steps stopped working. There is about a 2k difference between the fit app on my phone and the watch face.
None of my steps are appearing on the watch face. They show up on the live wallpaper though
Even this manly dude cant resist the cute cat. Sadly it doesnt sync steps well and the images on the phone app are glitchy. Hoping for fixes.
It doesn't seem to count my steps and has no settings to change etc. Can anyone help? Thanks for the help. Is a brilliant app. Very cute
Super cute and way more motivating than just a step number!
Update: it is available as a live wallpaper now.  :-)
Favorite watch face.  Time is super readable.  Kitty is adorbs.
This watch face is more fun than playing with a ball of yarn but instead of yarn you get to watch your steps !! High five
A great pick me up whenever I check the time. I appreciate the variety of animations.
Very cute. It is like having a Tomagotchi that I never have to feed.
This cat is the fittest.
And fun.
Immediately upon installing the watch face, it asks for a 5 star rating to "motivate them to improve" it.  How about improving it to deserve the 5 stars?
It is nice, simple and beautiful. The thing I liked most is the animation when the theme color changes. Trippy and elegant. Well done!  I only miss complications support.
Elegant. Just lacking complication support.
I have had this app for over 24 hours and still have to figure out how to use the presets. I'm not the brightest crayon in the box, but I usually am able to navigate my way around a new app. Not this one, so incredibly difficult.  How about some written instructions?
The interface is a little confusing and I want to be able to make ambient mode look just like the lit up mode. The background in ambient mode goes black and the hand out lines are black also. If this gets changed I'll update and give five stars.
Brilliant watchface! Works great out of the box, but you can customize it endlessly, 20 built-in faces, all sorts of customizations, many time zones. Very happy with it.  Yeah, you do need an Android Wear watch, BTW. Mine in the great Moto-360 (v1).
Tried it on Moto360, looks really promising! Way to go, guys!
well done, definitely worth the money!
I would really like the option for "line" hour indicators or Roman Numerals instead of the "dot" indicators.
I love this moon face watch,I have the free version just now but will definitely upgrade,not sure how to do this yet,maybe I have to uninstall app and install again,thanks upgraded on 10/8/15
If you like beautifully designed skeleton watch faces with tons of movement, and highly configurable, then this is the face for you. What's more, you can actually adjust the time until the watch face dims, even up to 30 seconds. Amazing! You can keep the full design, with color  (but no movements)  visible in dim mode. The only downsides are that the watch is a little hard to read (like all skeletons) and it may use a little extra battery power.
I purchased this app couple hrs. ago. Two hrs later my moto 360 is at 9%. Please fix this issue. Never had this issue with any app. Thank you.
Paid for it but does not show up in my phone and neither in my watch.ges I got conned
Great
Charging for it? Fine. Personal advertising? No thanks, also laggy, refunded. - LG G Watch R
Boring! How about adding a comet or something to reflect seconds.
Great idea and well executed. Except for some reason there is a yellow stain colour on my Sony SW3. Its right in the centre where the white is whitest...but its yellow instead. No option/settings either so right now I'm not going to use it. Will keep checking back though cos I like the concept. Could incorporate step counter...? Edit: reply to response - just checked again on my SW3, on all brightness settings the whitest white is yellow. Can email a picture if you require....
Perhaps my favorite watch face, there are so few good square face designs. Most are just a round face made smaller to fit within the square. I love how the face is dark until you need to check the time, then it becomes black on white and the seconds appear making the most of your battery with an OLED display. This is simple and makes the most use out of the real estate of a square face, using with a Polar M600.
It works well with my Sony Smartwatch 3. Only thing I'd change is between 5 min intervals is have mark for each minute. (ie: 4 small lines or dots). Looks good otherwise. Good job!
Very nice watch face using a unique way to show the time.  Only thing I would like to see is a mark for each minute on the minute scale.  I control trains in the UK and would like to use this watch face, but It is not possible to glance at the watch and see how many minutes past the hour it is.
But the cylinder tape effect doesn't present very well on the Sony Smartwatch 3 and just looks like a vertical yellow patch along the middle.  Gradation / fade correction?
I like it a lot, but I wish the hour numbers were center justified over the tick mark like in the screenshot. For me the hour numbers are to the right of the tick mark.
Like the style but I wish there were other fonts to choose
In the screen shots show a black version of the watch face, but I can't find any option for it. Also, unrelated once the time didn't update and displayed the wrong time.
Like the face on my moto 360.  I have one suggestion though.  With present configuration,  you need to guess the minute between the 5 minutes interval. I suggest the actual minute is displayed.  For others, the demarcation  and center red line are clear enough.
Really like this watch face. The only downside is that I wish ambient display could be used as main as well. It's black and blends well with watch borders and have enough information at glance already. Plus it is more contrast and easier to read.
It looks really cool, but it's not showing up for my G Watch. Not on the Android Wear app or the watch itself. I can't find it anywhere. Help?
Comes out great on square screen watch. Unfortunately not customisable .
This face is surprisingly easy to read at a glance. It gives the face on sm3 some depth. Great work guys.
My favourite watch fave for my Huawei watch.  Love the classic black and old style white combined look.
Good but would be nice to be able to set the colours.  I prefer a black background at all times.
I love this watch face, but can't change the colors on my fossil watch :(
Unique design. Easy to read. Everyone that sees it loves it too!
I like itttttttttt . Thank you
Almost perfect. Should have the option to use dark mode only.
Watch face
Best watch and favorite remember. Classic time of life.
Very good thx, so much
No
Great idea. Congratulations
Wonderfully different.
Good design
Very nice

Watch
Somewhat different
Very nice
Excellent and simple
Good
Interesting
Thanks for the quick reply! I really wish the user would be able to choose "white on black" face when the watch is awake. That would be really neat.         Thank you developer for such a elegant work. Could you use the empty space at top to indicate battery level? Also how come I can't choose white on black on my Moto 360?  Thanks.
Very unique and attention getting. Also very stingy on battery. LG G watch I can squeeze out 34hrs with screen constant on.
I love this watch face, it looks great and hides the black bar nicely on the moto 360. I had issued with the previous version but the recent update seems to have sorted them out.
I really like this layout. Would be nice if you could add a discrete meter displaying the battery life.
I too would love to see an all dark option.  Otherwise it is my favorite watch face.
I like this very much. Would suggest gray or silver gradient to make it easier to read even on dim screen
My favorite watch face thus far.  It's fun seeing the eye(s) looking around and looking at you!  I hope to see more whimsical and fantasy themed watch faces like this one in the future.
Can we have a live wallpaper from this?  Pleeaseee :D
Its not working
Awesome!
Worst
Nice
I love this watch face! It's really legible, which really matters in a watch face, so I don't feel like I'm losing any utility, but it also is fun and funny and creepy. I like how the eyes multiply as I check my watch, and I've actually gotten the heebie-jeebies a couple of times when I check my watch, and rather than looking around, the eyes simply stare back at me. Part of me wishes that it could show the date or the battery, or something, but that might be overcrowding such a simple, iconic face.  Great work!
No 24 hour support?
That's an original Watch Face!
I installed it but can't see it to add it to my moto 360
Very clean, lightweight watch face. You get the basic features you need in a watch: time (with second hand) day and date, plus a smartwatch essential: its power level. Nice!
It's a bit jagged on Moto 360 1st gen.
Simply a basic watchface. Battery life is good. Would be easier to change colors in the Android Wear app, not on the watch. Also, color change is very subtle, pink is very close to Red.
Very nice thank you.
Would have been 5 without the logo....too bad
This would be great if the face wasn't marred by that disgusting logo font and color.
when i choose a color it just stays red. and the logo in the middle doesn't match the watch face.
Can only get white!!!
Make more!!!
Nice looking and battery efficient
Nice face, don't like the logo in afraid
Lovely looking
Clean and smart !!
Awsum!!
Simple and useful.
Great watch face with simple and enough info. I am wearing this watch face all working time and wearing zero watch face off work.
Fatanstic!  I love this style, simple and useful! Watch Face - fuji is also my favorite watch face. I wear this two watch faces all day. Good job dev
What do you do after downloading
Very nice. Simple, clean,  and easy to read!
thank you
Looks great on my LG G watch 😃
Yes
i need degrees Celsius and 24 hour clock and   then i would buy.
Cool and simple design.
Looks lovely, it watch face unfortunately doesn't appear on way h if downloaded through Google play app store (same with other faces, seems to be a bug). Downloading through the Gears Store (Galaxy Store) probably solves it but finding it is a nightmare. Any suggestions what I can search for to find it (already tried any combo of: black watch face oajoo). Thanks!
I really enjoy the simplicity of this watch face. Some faces have too much visual clutter. This one is right along  I what I look for in a watch face. I just wish that it had an option for 12 hour time as well as it's native 24 hour time. - LG Watch Sport
I like the minimalistic approach. A small suggestion,can you fix the image preview on top and make the color editors scrollable? i can't see the preview when editing the last set of colors
Nice watch face. Suggest that you put the instructions in the app description though, lots of people giving unfair ratings as it's not clear how to get the watch face onto the watch.
I really love the simplicity of this watch face. I would love to one additional option to make it perfect for me and that would be to display a small font showing battery level.
How to do you change the time from 24 hr to 12 hr instead? Why isn't it available in the first place?
Would be nice if it had a 12 hour ,(normal) setting.  Not everyone is in the military.
Very configurable but the font smoothness wasn't reflecting actual DPI of my ASUS ZenWatch 2 so uninstalled.
App doesn't appear on watch face list. Using Android Wear 2.0 and LG watch Urbane
Horrible watch face. Doesn't work.
Would like support for Android Wear 2.0
Won't work on Fossil
Does not show on my Android wear 2.0
Looks Okay
Awesome! Could you please add a battery % icon?
This app is well but it can be better
Good
Great app
It's pretty but is not possible to set it or to customize, even when you can access to the settings page. I was trying to change the background color or the orientation directly from the watch, and it wasn't possible. When you tap in the buttons nothing happens.
Slick looking watch face. I have two issues though. First, the animation is nice but it takes so long that the screen goes into dim/ambient mode directly after displaying the time. Second, when you change the orientation to horizontal the ambient mode stays vertical. If the timeout was longer and orientation worked properly then this would be a perfect face.
It's great. But the settings needs some work. Know what is horizontal n vertical please.
Muito bonita, mas não consegui alterar o designer
Awesome face design, love it... Maybe the time can be a little bigger for quick glances
Still trying to send it to my smart watch
Nice
Amazing concept
Adorable
I just wish you could add more info onto the watch face like it is in ambient mode. But it looks very cool.
I agree with another reviewer, numbers are just too small. Good thing I wear glasses
I think it need improvement. And bove all extend or add on screen time..
Numbers are small and whatever that is at the 9 position is just a waste of space
good idea, but done in a messy way
Minimal clean
White
Interesting design
Good
Like others have mentioned, the UI is tiny. In addition it's not that detailed and upon uninstall both my phone and watch crashed and rebooted. Great idea, just needs much more work.
It was really blurry on my Fossil Q Control. Also the "turn off animation" setting didn't work.
The numbers aren't high res enough, makes it look blurry.  I use a Huawei Watch.
Great watch I love it..
Love the watch face, nice, clean and elegant looking. Would love to have the notification unread badge complication for Android Wear 2.0
looks ok but no customisation at all
Looks very nice but doesn't have any customization options - or places to put steps and etc.
This watch face is clean simple and very elegant thank you
Clean and classy look
Clean and simple.
Elegantly
Don't normally leave reviews but this was worth it, the best simple analogue watch face I've found, made better by the fact the date moves to keep clear of the hands.
It's a simple watchface, works! Not sure if it has burn-in protection?
Excellent watchface but any chance we can get weather updates on it as well?
This watch face is excellent and the Dev is very responsive and helpful. Thanks
Freakin' amazing watch face!
Nice classy style. Not flashy. I like it.
Fantastic, looks simple and great. Well-done to team
Best watch face for moto360
Great
Just a georgous watchface and the date migrates so that it's not obscured by the watch hands...
Best watch face
Clean, simple and elegant!
Accidentally installed thinking it was for the phone itself .. wish it was a daydream mode possibility!
Love this app, great funky design. The only down side-The battery symbol doesnt change to reflect battery usage.
It's great, can you fix the battery indicator and update for Wear 2.0?
Ambient mode should not grey out the text since this does not save energy compared to white text
If I disconnected from my phone,  the watch face shows 00:00. 5 stars if you fix that (Sony SmartWatch 3)
Its a great app.....just a shame u cant cuztomize the watchfaces......
Don't show on gear s
I have a LG G2 D806 phone and U8 smart wacht, and nothing happens😢
Dont look how advertised
How do I use it
My smart watch dz09 does not support..
Liked it much.
How to use
Huawei Huaweioriginal
Looks good.
It's great
How to use it to change the watch face for u8 smartwatch
Does not seem to work with U8 phone.
Pop
Crashes when opening, can't configure it.
The only thing missing from this watcface is the ability to use HTML color codes in customizing the colors. Most of the richface watches have this option but this watcface is stuck with just the clumsy color picker.
Nice Watchface for my Moto360-2G. The weather doesn't work well though.. needs fixing.. It's way off.
Looks good but you should add option to disable analog clock or digital as it's difficult to see the time on digital clock
Phone battery says 0
Colorful and nice moves
Very Good
This looks wicked on my moto 360 cheers guys! Yet another of your watch faces to my collection ;) keep up with the great designs
But I'd like to be able to disable the analog clock, at certain hours it blocks the weather information.
Weather updates does not work so well.The face is very nice looks great.
Wish the digital clock was at top.
Very cool
Fill in the extra spaces. This is much like qlock two. But the fun behind it is that it looks like a mess of letters and the spaces insted of random letters don't give it the same feeling.
If like to see a material design settings menue on both, watch and ✆.
Love this!..would like to see battery info on there
its a very cool watch face but not accurate
Excellent watch face. Top add on for my moto 360
Nice clock
It shows a square face on my round watch.
Nice clean classy looking watchface. I like it.
this design so look like one of design in rolex. cool
Love the face. Looks great. Nice and simple.
One of the creative and we'll executed watch faces. To the point in terms of information and not trying to do too much. The design itself is sharp and of high quality. Can't recommend enough! Well done.
fake app. does not show up on the watch. malware inside
The reinstall worked for those of you who have the same issue of it not showing up. Love the design!
Installed app on phone but it's not showing up on Android Wear or the watch? LG urbane
Never showed up in Android wear.
My week start from Sunday.. Can I change it to show first?
Author thinks the week starts on Monday. Get a calendar buddy! Sunday is the first day of the week.
Looks great :)
Simple
No functionality.  Drawings of hypothetical graphics for a 24 hour dial.  I want a refund.
Honestly, not enough customization to deserve a price tag. Especially since there are more customizable apps for free. If you really want a slow watch face, sure. If not, give it a pass.
Combines my two favourite kinds of watch face. With a 24-hour analogue-style dial and a fuzzy text clock, this is probably one of my favourite watch faces. I'd love a few more features, like background colour options, date display, or even extra notches on the dial for sunrise and sunset times, but as it is, it is nice to use. It even has a pleasantly start ambient mode that differs little from its regular display.
It's not bad for a 'slow' watch face. Needs a clearer hour hand and colour options. Good
It's nothing like the preview!
Really loved that!
It's great watch face, but I'd add more colors and add digital watch
Beautiful watch face in both black and white backgrounds. My issue is with changing the background by tapping face. This should be done in a settings menu. Also there are no hour dashes in ambient mode. (My preference). Please fix in future versions.
Please make the option to have the face black or white an option behind the scenes, NOT a click of the face, this way there's no accidental clicks...
Good
Awesome app! Looks great I recommend this to anyone with a smart watch.
You can only see half of the watchface... Uninstalled.
not fit on moto 360
Thanks
Not only does it show Military Time (24 hour clock) it ALSO has an analogue watch face as well, for those who can not tell the time with 24 hour watches.
Just the watch i have been looking for
Great face, but I don't need a watch face that only shows military time.
I love this app.
Please help! Won't install on my Sony Smart watch 3 - Google Wear on my Note 8 isn't recognising it!!!!
I love it
Good performance
Nice app
I've got the moto 360 watch I thought this face would look great on it when loaded on to the watch the white number disc doesn't appear like you see on the pictures!  And the fingers are not in the centre of the screen  a real shame as it would have been 5 stars!
Needs a bit more detail for a higher rating but has a good ambient look.
Does not fit my Huawei watch
Does not fit screen. Huawei watch.
3d
No customisation
Worst yet, battery drain, looks cheesy, and doesn't fit the watch at all
Doesnt work
Looks great and has good animation. Can't ask for much else! SPAAAAAACE
Its nice. Wish it had 12hr option though
After reviewing this app again. I've found it has made a very clean and revamp of a classic game from the late 70's to 80's. One we all know and love. The redesign for my moto 360 had been done very well and looks very clean. Anyone who wants a game to play on there smartwatch should at least give this app a chance. There are a few bugs here and there. But no app is without them.
It turns a screen on you watch which is weird, it doesn't fits screen, it's slow and unusable
It's a good time killer game. You will love it.
I enjoyed it a lot. Highly recommended for my friends.
One of the best app for my Android wear. Very cool to use.
It's definitely a good brain exercise game.
It will measure your cleverness. 5 stars for it.
It's a simple game and easy to use. Love it.
Its working pretty good with the Android wear.The design of the app is very good and attractive.The app test your intelligence very well.It has a huge diversity in levels so everyone can use it.Whether you are damn clever or just want to spend some time to get rid of the frustration.It acts like a stressbuster to me.Good job team!
Works well on my smart watch. It's good for when I get bored or for just wasting time.
Can you only log in via Farcebook or Twatter? If so, make it clear in the blurb.
Turns 90° on watch and doesn't displays good. It works, but doesn't looks good.
All it is is advertisements. Nothing else. Pure garbage.
Cool little game for on my Moto 360! It works like a charm, the game is fun to play when I'm waiting for my bus in the morning
I haven't faced any trouble with it and it looks perfect. Thanks.
No FB or Twtr requirements!!!
Has a lot of advertising
it is an interesting app.i really like it.best app with high quality design,enjoyable gaming Mmodes and challenging difficulties.that's cool !
Adverts adverts adverts and requires Facebook sign in.... No thank you!!
I don't like social networking. So in order to use I need Facebook?!...
Really usefull app. Usefull for me
Perfectly worked on my smarwatch
Great
Does no align with face on motor 360
Didn't fit moto 360

One of my favourite watch faces
Was looking for a good watch face that wasn't too busy but at the same time had decent enough info. This hit the balance perfectly. Only thing I might change would be to lighten up the background a little. Even with the brightest setting on the watch, during the day, the background just looks black and you can't see any of the cool details. But that's a minor gripe. Don't let the low download count dissuade you. I whole heartedly recommend this.
I really like this watch face.  It looks good and has a bunch of settings.  The only problem for me on my G Watch is that it runs choppy when I switch between the screens. Also it's not very battery friendly. I could still go through the day, but it definitely was using that battery.
Can you fix the pedometer feature? I have a Samsung Galaxy Fear each and i purchased the premium version be cause the free version said you had to buy the premium version for that feature to work... I purchased this watch face as the round face by mistake and the steps were accurate but i wanted the square face version for my watch.. I got a refund on the round face and purchased the square face version but the steps on this version show 0 instead of what they should be.. The round face version The step counter worked correctly.. Can you fix?
Love this watch face specially because I have a Sony smartwatch 3, one thing i really would like to see on all your watch faces is the option for Weather Underground as i have found them to be more accurate in my country :-)
I love the animations and all the info! But how do I enable the 12 hour function? Also could you possibly make the weather font a little larger?
Works well with my Sony SW3, is that possible to add clock color support ? I mean the default color is white I prefer yellow or red. Thx
Looks nice enough, and now has the option to display 12 or 24 hour mode. My issue is that the date is wrong: September 29 should show as 29.9, not 29.8 as it does. Uninstalling for now.
Shows wrong month (12 instead of 01). No customization.
My date is showing as December for all of January.
Fix the date, I will give you 5*
I really wish i could give this a higher rating, but after looking at the other reviews and trying for myself, i have no choice.  I really love the design, it was enough to immediately make me download it, switching from mostly analog faces.  However, the lack of something as simple as a 12 hour option is a deal breaker for me, even somewhat aggravating considering how much i like it otherwise.  It also doesn't look good that it hasn't been upgraded in almost 2 1/2 years
It looks great, but when notification cards pop up, they cover the time. This is bad for users that actually keep some notifications up as cards, like music controls or navigation instructions.
There is no 12 hour option and we should be able to choose the colors on the watch face. If fixed will change to 5 stars!
Would love a 12hr option. I don't even need a AM/PM, but would be ok to have as well.
Design and animations are a treat, but a lack of options keeps it off my wrist.  Like many have said, it needs a 12 hour mode and color picker.
Watch face background is static with no capability to change the color.
Smooth, clean, looks great. Dev is very responsive, quick fixes. 👍
Looks great but there's no way to change colors!
Gorgeous design. Would love a 12-hour version, right now only 24-hour is supported
Great little watch face, love the feel of it. Would be nice with a couple of colour settings as well as a 12 hour time setting..
Love the animations for the clock. Is the background supposed to change though? When do the colors change? Maybe more info in the app description.
I love that it uses universal 24 hour time. Also the colors changing throughout the day is a really nice touch! Great watch face!
Just need a 12hr option. Then I will give a five star rating. I love the design and the animation!
i could change colors and keep hour and min time in one horizontal line. the fb is based on lg urbane.
Useless. No 12 hour function. Uninstalled.
Cool but how can I uninstall it? It does not appear in androi wear app but still on my watch
It needs changing colours. Some colour ways looks dim on my Sony 3 smartwatch
No 12 hour support, no color options. It looks nice but I need 12 hour.
Can't find a 12 hour option.
But some other info would be nice. The date or battery level... Something!
I'll actually use it if it gets a 12 hour option
Love the design just wish it had a 12 hour time format.
Please add support for 12 hour time
Like the title says
How do we change the colors?
Does not with my time zone
Just needs 12 hour option and the ability to change some colors.
I need the 12 h format now !!!
But I want a bit more of control over the colors and definitely a 12h option
Looks great but without 12 hour time it's an uninstall for me.
Looks great but wish it had a 12 hour option
Beautiful, but please add 12 hour time
5 stars if have this feature.
No 12 hour option
It is a good watch face. But no option for time 12/24hr.
Looks great but how do you change the colors
Quite likely the most beautiful face I've seen for square watches.
But, it's a battery drainer on the LG watch R
I paid for this and it said installed but I can't figure out how to make it appear on the moto 360 watch. Someone help please
Love the look of this,  nicer to have an option for the date
It looks so so nice in my MOTO 360!  all the people keeps staring at it :) That face became my favorite!
It'd be great if you had the option of having a black face color all the time.  It would be a much smoother and less noticeable transition from active to standby and it would give the option for smoother blending with the edges of the watch (I use the Gear Live, which has a black frame).
Best watch face to date
Great stuff
One of the better ones I've tried and I've tried a lot
Great App to help customize settings to personalize it for your taste!
Nice colors and gears. Everything on options work. Thanks for a great watch face
It's a good app. The only issue I've had is it keeps saying "There is an issue retrieving your weather information"  and the temperature is wrong. But everything else works fine!
Theres a problem with the phone battery widget, it is always about 10% off
my phone crashed and was working slow for a long time even though I wasn't even using the watch face
Drains battery like crazy. Moto 360.
not working on g watch w 100
Battery drains very quickly when using this
Awe some
Uninstalling
Nice but drain battery too quickly
Don't load it, will crash your moto the minute you switch to it.
Black I downloaded the app and couldn't get it on my phone. HELP ME!!!
Million dollars
Good job love the guys watches keep it going more digital
Tapping to switch compass is very creative
Would be nice to be able to select 12 hour format. Bigger text too.
Very nice indeed
Can't see settings icon in the app. Can't switch between analog and digital. Also, analog watch face is ugly.
How the he'll does it work? I installed cricking app also but no scores. Rather I start service and each time I go back to home screen the service is stopped.
Doesn't work on my Sony smartwatch 3. Will keep an eye open for updates though as it's a great idea.
Shows no games and there is no configuration or settings to fix it or choose team etc. Waste of my time.
First cricket score wear app
I am the first person to download this app and writing review . And it is a great thinking from cricking . Cricking rocks again
Great to get cricket scores on watch !!
Nice work
I want to test the battery drain of Watchmaker and this is very like one i made. That's the only reason I paid for this. It should be free. Far far better are. It would be better to have all hours marked, The date has no window. There should be a choice of turning the seconds off. It's a drain. There's no dynamic shadows, to give a feel of depth to the hands. This is so basic 5mins to code in LA and 30 tops to do the rest. I made it to see.
Keeps disappearing from Watch and Phone. Magically started to work. Seems like it would be more logical for this to have a 12 hour clock that follows the tick marks for the regular time as well as UTC, at least as an option.
On my G watch, the settings only allow me to change colors.  There is no setting available to change the secondary time zone.
Sweet watch face 👍
Looks great!
If you're into minimal, you've stumbled upon the right watchface! This thing looks really crisp on my Moto 360, gotta say. The color customization is really great, but the customization ends there, even though it's minimal in nature there could be options to add stats, weather etc, even if they're off by default. I'm gonna keep this watchface on my watch because it's incredibly easy to see in the bright sun without resorting to upping the brightness. I did not notice the bleed another user reported.
Very slight bleed off background colour on seconds wheel, always shows default colours for a frame on watch wake up, and colour picker on phone has a few issues (keyboard keeps coming up and colour always defaults to white), but very nice nonetheless. Looking forward to fixes. Could do with losing the secondary (seconds) color on battery saving mode too.
Love it so far the only little tweaks I would make would be to add full black. (000000) to the color palette. I can type it in but having it on the default color listing would be nice. Also the ability to enlarge the font for the hour section would be awesome. It's not bad the way it is but I would prefer to make it a larger. Keep up the great work!
Finally a real and functional minimal watchface. And customizable. Love it!
The area around the red on the original watch face has an ugly white border around the elements.
Has a major issue. Ambient mode does not display correctly.
Silly boring game😥
Don't install this app!!!!!!!
Awful took ages to get it working and when it is ill can't get it to show me the actual time
The Thunderstorm Watch Face - just like the matching "live" wallpaper from the same developer - looks incredible, has LOADS of options to configure the watchface to your personal preferences and works flawlessly. If you like your mobile devices sharing a common theme, or you just want something that looks particularly flash, the Thunderstorm Watch Face should be one of the very first watch-faces you look at!
So ive been using this watch face since the day i got my watch but now switched on to something else.  Why? Well because its boring. Very very little things to change watch faces   needs a major update with different faces and better working battery level indicator. Its all great but not able to change things up.  Least when i have it on my phone its just ment to be a background show of lights to improve on just regular still pictures.   But watch. The watch face is the star.These are like indie movie stars
Originally gave this a 1 star due to crashes. Issue was fixed and the Dev responded! Rating has been updated!
Couldn't get it to work. I really want it though if you get it to work with my gear I'll repurchase it. I love the background and would really like to match them.
:(
I've tried 101 faces since I got my moto 360. Now I think Rider from weareal is the one I have been looking for.. Well done guys! Whoops, now I have a problem. After one day, the app won't recognise my location (Rønne, Denmark), always OK with other apps. Can I use another weather app here?
Very nice watchfaces for Huawei smartwatch. Very classic. High quality. Would like to be able to control the ambient brightness independent of the active mode. I wanted to purchase the airpower watchfaces but the lack of color customization was a deal breaker for me. Please bring more classic watchfaces. Thank you
Great faces cool animations when you move your wrist.
Best free Android wear watch faces can't complain brilliant
Awesome! Waiting for more free faces
It isn't good. Only has three free faces that still aren't customisable
very impressive reflection and shadow on the watch face. developer got good idea for the app. however, the wach face choice are limited. I am looking closely for you new product and willing to pay for the good one!
6 watch faces. Meh. Uninstalled
Weareal is one of  the best and most convincing  watch face apps that money can buy.  Clean sharp classy.
Keeps telling me that I need to connect to android wear when it is connected all the time
After a year of use the rider is still my default face for my 2nd gen Moto 360. After the wear 2 update the weather doesn't work and I assume it will be fixed. I have not found another free watchface that looks so good and has the complications I want, watch battery life and date. I really like being able to do full color ambient and the realistic​ reflection but they do seem to rotate/move a bit more than I would like. Thanks Weareal and keep up the good work.
I really like the Rider face in blue on my Zenwatch 2 it looks great. The only slight negative, you have to manually set your city location for the weather. It isn't set by your location which for a person that travels alot can be tiresome. Still a great free watch face thank you
The description mentions AirPower watch face as free(not specifically though, it misleads that as free) , but on installing, the AirPower watch face is paid in app purchase. Rest of all free watch faces are not so good and not worth trying also. My suggestion is to go for Facer app which has lot of free watch faces
As most Android watch owners, I've tried a lot of different watch faces and I keep coming back to Weareal. If they could just fix the weather complication I'd be 100% happy.
Please make sure your new update is battery friendly as I found out that the Watch Faces are consuming a lot of battery power comparing those models which are from others
It was easy to set up and use  for an old crusty like me The watch faces were just the ones I was looking for 😀😀👍
It's really good but seems like it's not updating weather information, I am running wear 2.0
Absolutely extraordinary work here!!! Probably some of the best ART i've seen on a watch face! Five stars all the way across the board! You guys deserved it!
Worked great. However after update can not get days of the week.  Please advise when you have time.
doesn't work with sony smartwatch 2. how about samsung gear s2
Great face, but the Google weather widget is only shown in F, can't seem to switch it to C. Can this be done?
My fav watch face isn't animating anymore in my Sony SmartWatch 3
I always keep coming back to this. I test a lot of watch faces but this is by far better looking.
Nice watch faces but, would like to see a tad more customization.
Beautiful watch faces! I especially love the Rider. It is elegant and useful.
Best watch face ever!!!! & Works perfectly on Moto 360 1st generation
Good watch face realistic customisable
Very very cool!
A+++😘😘
The faces are beautiful
Pretty nice
Nice
cool
Revising my last review. Thanks to a quick respond from developer, I fix my problem. The watch face looks great on my LG Watch Sport!
Watch faces look amazing.
As with previous reviews. Takes 79p and then does not work.  Seems to be a bit of a rip off. First ever app that I've downloaded that does not work......The developers contacted me fairly quickly and sorted the problem.  From one star to five, all are working fine, thank you
I bought the watch face for 99 cents every went through but I can't add the watch face to my watch... It still says 99 cents... Update working with support to figure out the issue
Love the addition of step complication shame mine has said 539 since the update... PLEASE FIX OR Allow US TO DISABLE THE THIRD COMPLICATION
Please add access to calendars , phone and messages shortcut that' will be nice for this type of watch face. paid 99 cents for this..... There are other watch faces with these add ons and more for the same price..... Will give 5 stars when done...
They broke it. Can't select face widgets.
Love this watchface but would like to be able to have it not show day and date on the dimmed version. It looks messy when notifications are showing or music info for whatever I am playing. If that gets changed this is an instant 5 star. EDIT IN RESPONSE TO DEVELOPER REPLY - Was not negotiating for stars at all, simply giving reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars in case anyone else was interested in buying it and wanted an honest review as for me that issue is a deal breaker.
Had probs loading due to android wear not this app but dev responded swiftly to help out. Now working fine and design looks really nice. Very impressed with customer service too.  Thanks
The description stated this was customizable, which I took to mean you could replace widgets like phone battery with steps or weather. The only thing this allows to be customized is the color and date/time format. It looks very cool, though, so I may keep it.
I really like this watch face, but it is missing an option to lock the color. Also the 2 empty spots could have been used for weather information.
I'm a huge Marvel fan and geeking out hard right now lol.
I don't like this watch face my date and month does not show up I have a square watch face very hard to see the numbers I think this watch face is made for a round watch
I didn't notice that it wouldn't work on my Samsung Gear 2 until after I paid for and downloaded it. Can I get a refund?
This is the watch face I have been looking for.  However, if there was an option to turn off the colour changing it would be 5 stars.
Awesomeness.  Just had to update my review.  Months later still looking and working great.
This app is crap!  Doesn't at all
Yes! Just need a way to lock the set watch face
Amazing customer service and support. Great products!
Realy like the watch face
Great looking watch face only problem is both battery % are 5% off to the low side. Update after  uninstall and re stall it now shows correct battery %. Up grading to 5 stares.
After some time the date and time settings reset and has to be manually reconfigured. Also the AM/PM indicator is quite useless with 24-hours mode.
This watchface looks awesome on my Moto 360. With just a glance I get not only the time, but the battery percentage of my phone and watch, and the date. I had to contact the developer for a minor problem I had, and the customer service was excellent.
Love the triangular symmetry, very pleasing to the eye how it guides the eyes to the time indicator, like good picture. Rule of thirds for the win!
Customization at its very best. Keep it up devs.
Only change a few features
Instantly went for the refund
Doesn't run on my watch... can't refund either... tsk
Use it whenever you need to power up. 😊😊😊 Now with NEW IMPROVED shininess☇☇☇
So I don't buy many apps but I pretty much own all of this devs  watchfaces and by far this is my favorite.  Dev is always consistent and always packs on features after a watchface is put out.   If you own android wear you have to try these watchfaces as they are some of the best out there.  I hope we can maybe get some dc comics love in the future as I'd love to see what the dev could come out with for those watchfaces.
Loving this
If your name's Tony you can use this for backup power!  That's how real it looks. Really a work of art and buttery smooth!
Truly phenomenal! Love the raw feel to this face. I have my own Reactor! Now I just need to 3d print my suit, then I will forcibly bring world peace!!! Muhahahaaaa!!! Erm, yeah, awesome :)
As most things The Phlash.
I have a number of your watch faces, everyone of them have great features and attention to detail.
Tha Phlash always killin' it!
Was perfect for the movie premiere!
I'm a fan of the hexagon and color pattern, but I agree with others and say that it would be nice to see some customization options. Namely, a choice as to what is displayed and where, units, date format choices, etc... I'm not going to go and say that it needs touch actions, but that would be nice to see as well!
I just bought this.  I like the look of it and it has everything that I want to have on the watchface. However a small disadvantage is that there is no customization at all. I don't mind the blue, but it would be nice to have some other color options to mix things up.  Overall pretty good watchface.
Good start, but more options needed, and the temperature needs to be more accurate. What is this 32+ degrees when it's really 36 degrees???
Needs customization, can't use it at the moment for the lack of Celsius temperature
But needs customization (especially colors) in order for it to be worth it. Also, on the v2 of the 360, the date only shows the month. The day is cut off.
I do like this watch but there are 2 functions I'd love added to it if you can. 1. Extend the time to something like 20 seconds before it goes into ambient mode. 2. To have the ability to press on the date and it show your agenda for the day. If you could do that for me that last star would be lit up like a Christmas tree :))
For those requesting longer time, simply buy StayLit Wear.......
Feb22 2017 has nice look but no complications support..

Great watch face but the 6 is cut off on the moto 360 2nd gen
Another great watch face. Thanks.
I like this one, it's fun and silly while still looking like a watch. I do wish it had a better ambient mode, with some color. And I'd like to see the battery and date visible in ambient, too. But it's still fun. ☺
I love how I can customize the signature. It feels,more personal. Great job dude
Works great! All fixed!
This app does exactly what I need. Adding points, subtracting points, and resetting the score are all simple and straightforward.
I will be using this for cornhole so it would be amazing if you had the option to change colors so it's not just red/blue
Perfect. Nice, simple and clear score keeping.
Love it. Clean design with lots of features. All works. Subtle lighting/shadows are class. No battery life issues. LG G Watch.
I love the look of the face and what it can do, but for some reason it kills my battery.
But needs more colour options, it should have at least the same number as standard android wear.
Very neat, clean watch. However it's a battery killer! Using it on Smartwatch 3 and I notice a significant change in the battery life.
Love the design and what it does just wondering it says flashlight but cannot find it was it just a typo.              Edit.  Ah now I see thanks for clearing that up
Crap
Plain simple and does one of the most important things right: a good ambient mode to prevent burn-in on AMOLED displays. The outlines are relatively thin meaning it won't burn in hopefully.
Ads ads ads, nothing more
Not good
Unusable with ads
what a tease
Best watch face ever. I have always wanted a watch like this :)
I like it
A novel watch face, though lacking display elements like seconds and date. Those aren't necessarily important, so my only real gripe is how small it is on a round watch (or, perhaps, a higher-resolution one like my Huawei Watch.
Amazing simplistic design, by far my favourite. Would like the option to change to 12hr, without changing phone settings.
The beauty of this watch face is it's simplicity. It is my favorite so far.
This is how smartwatch faces should be.
it's for a watch and not a game i mean do you really think there would be a game called PLANTS VS ZOMBIES WATCH FACE!!! anyway I don't have one of those fancy android watches but I'm sure it's cool to have
Nice WATCHFACE. Not a game because the TITLE said so. Many one star rater clearly illiterate.
This is not an app to play on phone......cause it is not made for playing but it is a watch face for the smart watches like moto360 samsung wear etc... So people please read the whole description and app name too!!! You will get to know its not for your android
For all you people who don't know how to use your brain, let me help you. This is a goddamn watch face. Not a game. Does Plants vs Zombies Watch Face sound like a game??? It is a watch face for android wear. A game would take much more space than 3MB. If you want a game, go get go get Plants Vs Zombies. Not this. This is a watch face. Use your F***ing brain. Geez.
There is a reason why this "app" doesn't work- It's not an app at all! Seriously, LEARN HOW TO READ! It says "watch face" in the title! How illiterate ARE people these days???If you are one of these people, then, like I said, learn how to read! It is not for phones!
Oh my God the stupidity is real some. I'm sorry but half of the people  that downloaded this app must illiterate. Common sense  really isn't that common.
Installed to Comment  Please, read the title. Before you go all out and rate it 1 star (optional description of "Won't open, please help!"), read reviews. I do not own a Smartwatch™, I only downloaded to comment. This app has been designed to be a Watchface for Smartwatches™.
"Don't install this rubbish." "Can't open the app." Can people read the title! Ok. I feel bad for the developers who made the app. There are over 8000 1* reviews. Most of the review were from stupid morons. Reading all the 1* comments is giving me cancer and losing faith in humanity. Can u morons (the people who says is a game) read the name of the app! It's a watchface! READ THE DESCRIPTION OF THE APP!! How many people are illiterate. Anyway. I had to install the app to write this long review.
It doesn't have anything useful other than mute and charge indicator. I would give higher rating if i could at least see how much juice the watch had left and the date. Also, around 11ish the hand / arm is hard to see.
It does not show up in my apps so I can't even open it. Terrible. Wish I could give less than one star...
I would prefer a better zombie as the hands are too hard to read in both ambient and off mode. Shame because its a great idea.
I love how this game is so freaking amazing that EVERYONE JUST LOST THEIR FREAKING MIND! Seriously though, if you rated this without even knowing what it is; you are not worthy of your brain. Kindly give it to the zombies. They need it more than you do.
I already installed this game app in my phone..but there's nothing come out.. Hated it!!
How Can I Make It Work?? I Tried Locking My Android Tablet I Tried To Find It On The Widgets Too... I Just Dont Get This App...
Well.....there are true idiots.... Read the description people, it is a watch face, in fact its in the title. The top of the description also says 'watch face for android wear' which means its for stuff like the ZTE Quarts, or Moto 360... Maybe apple watches too im not sure.
I would Nerver install this game again don't tell me its name again its a waste game in the world
Hey, "moron"! *That's for people who said this app is a game* It's not a game, it's a watch face, it's just work for smart watch not for smartphone or android, BAKA!!
I hate this! I thought it was an app but it's just a picture with a zombie. It's just a picture,the creators had to make a game of it it will be more fun than whatever this picture is!!
Great little WATCH FACE! 👍 Be even better if could walk across the screen or something (am sure there's loads of animation possibilities) but I like him, he's cute! 😀
Won't even load on my phone.   Uninstalling immediately.   Wishing there was a designation for zero stars...
It didn't even show  up on my apps
We can't even open this app...it sucks ...it just gets downloaded and won't even open after that... I beg u not to download this nonsense ...
The app didn't even show up on my home screen. WTF!!!!
I don't even have the watch. I just downloaded it so I could give a good rating. illiteracy is a mofo, ain't it?
When i Accept it to download it letting me to uninstall soo fix!
I downloaded this just to comment. I do not own an android smart watch. What I do own is a BRAIN. THIS IS NOT A GAME. OR AN APP THAT YOU CAN "OPEN". THERE ARE SO MANY COMMENTS FROM PEOPLE COMPLAINING WHEN THEY ARE TOO STUPID TO EVEN UNDERSTAND WHAT THEY ARE COMPLAINING ABOUT. Anyway, I'm sure if I did own a smart watch, I would think this was a a good watch face, but probably nothing amazing.
Load it and nothing happens after  that. all waste of time loading
For those of you who cannot find it check in android wear watch face section you should have it there if not make sure you download android wear app from play store. enjoy!
That's it, it's not an app, it's a Zombie version of a Mickey Mouse watch face, as such move those little Zombie arms and tell me the time. If you don't know how to change the watch face in Android Wear, give your device to somebody who does.
Will show installed not on all apps
Stupid haters!Did you know meaning of the watch.? It a watch,not a game ..... Use your brain la ...what kind of human live on earth now....I think the haters are zombies.... I guess.......
Lost faith in humanity ITS A WATCHFACE FFS if u rated one star you shouldn't be allowed to have a brain plus you probably can't open because you don't have an Android watch you fools omg I downloaded this to comment since I don't think I have a watch but I can tell it's good y I rate 5 star but seriously PEOPLE USE YOUR FRICKEN BRAIN
This thing won't even instal and I had it for 2 days and it still won't work!!!&gt;:( worst app ever!!!!!
Agree with daelin Richmond never shows up on your apps
Looks great on android wear. Shame it doesn't seem to be available for Samsung s2 and s3 watches.
It just doesn't show up under watch faces I've downloaded....:(
I think we should make another Plants vs Zombies watch but instead with plants vs zombies to watch
All this stupid games allows me to do is install and uninstall it doesn't even show up on my phone in the apps but it says that I downloaded it. I HATE THIS
This game is so interesting. It is best zombie game. This game is also useful for using brain. Everybody should download this game. It is the best game. Some people dislike this game but i donot know that why they dislike this game. ☺☺☺☺☺☺
Way too unpolished. Feels like lack of funds or passion.
This was a great app for a while but it no longer tells the correct temperature. WeatherBug on my Droid Turbo says it's 95 in NYC but on my Moto 360, it says it's 79. Slightly off! :( It is also displaying the moon even though it is 4:30 in the afternoon.
For a watch app that's made for weather, its not working.  I spent $$ for the pro but should have reviewed these comments before.  The weather is stuck at 100 degrees.  Had almost everything I wanted.....but stuck watching incorrect weather.
"error" failure to connect with google play. Device: Samsung Gear S.  Im looking for digital watch that has battery meter and temperature. Thought this was perfect. Fix bugs or offer suggestions and I'll be HAPPY!!
Paid for full version. Forecasts stopped updating after a week or two. Tried all the recommended fixes: uninstalling/reinstalling, resetting my phone, etc. Bummer it doesn't work for me (Samsung Gear Live). There aren't enough Android Wear forecast options out there (that work).
This could be a nice watch face except the weather is way wrong. It says it's 100 degrees with a high of 999 degrees. It's 60 outside. I'm using the Yahoo weather to pull it from. Too bad. Looks like app hasn't been updated in almost a year. Google needs to pull this from the store.
Works great on my LG G Watch. But I paid for Premium version and the free background look better I'm starting to think I got ripped off. Would be 5 stars if premium had better wallpapers and could keep the screen on longer
The fact that a weather app charges 1.41 dollars to display the weather  BUT doesn't show the temperature properly renders the weather app unless... I doubt I'll get a refund... Unfortunately I can't put in a negative stars ....
The weather icons won't change or show the temp (stack at 100F°),the F° won't change to C°, dynamic wallpaper shows only rain picture  nothing dynamic about that. Please fix or refund.....(running Android wear 6.0.1 huawei round)
Today's weather icon and text is not consistent with the 3-day forecast so it looks bad if you have both displayed. The min/max temperature display is bulky and awkward. And the watch face itself sometimes freezes in sleep mode. Overall feels unfinished and not worth the money.
Stupid me didn't read before buying.  No weather no dynamic background....  Weather icons don't change either... Very disappointing
This had become my favorite watch face, providing plenty of information. Now it always shows incorrect info -- constantly reads as 100 degrees on watch!!!!!!
I had an issue with the temp showing 100 degrees but it was fixed worth a reset.  Nice clean look.  Maybe future update could add sorry cute when touching clock or temp.
But the weather portion no longer updates. Just shows the same wrong temperature all the time. No response from several support emails.
Like the program but it says it has been 100 and raining for days.  Sure doesn't feel like it, though.
The weather forecast is stuck on sunny and 100F. I have changed it repeatedly, uninstalled and reinstalled, but no change. Pretty useless given that it is supposed to be a weather watch face.
App worked great until I payed for the pro version. First the background stopped dynamically changing after a day and now 2 days later the battery percentages aren't correct.
Has potential, but doesn't provide accurate temps. Neither does it update changed icons. Kind of useless.
I don't use it any more
Used to be my favourite watch app and I bought a paid version. One fine day weather updates stopped working. Where is the developer?
I emailed the dev, no reply. The screen remains Sunny all day. I've installed, reinstalled it. Still nothing. I've changed weather settings. Nothing. Developer has abandoned us?!
The low temperature is 100 and the high is 999 using either weather service you can choose from. Hasn't been updated since May 3, 2015. Seems like a great watch face but apparently it's broken and no longer being updated. A real shame.
Sometimes random elements don't update while others do. For instance, if I choose a different icon set the icons will update and change on the watch face, but if I choose Fahrenheit, the watch face won't update and keeps showing Celsius. I tried deleting app data and that doesn't help. Update: Now it just says it's 100C all the time.
It used to be my favorite watch face until weather updates stopped working.  Are you planning to fix the weather update? The name of app says weather app and it does not do at all what it is supposed to do.
Weather won't update! The weather stuck on 100 degree for 3 month uninstall & reset watch nothing working just the time & battery life.
The temperature is stuck at a hundred degrees and the dynamic weather does not change the background. I purchase the pro version and if the problem is not fixed I'm requesting a refund.
I agree with all the other ratings- weather doesn't change...stuck at 100 degrees. This isn't a weather app! Too bad cuz its nice to look at otherwise
for some reason the temperature doesn't sync, which is the very reason why I downloaded it. it continually says 100 degrees. everything else syncs but the temp. may have to remove it.If I can't get it going. I give it 2 star, if it worked correctly probably a 4 or 5.
Battery levels are cropped off the bottom of the display. No adjustment seems to fix it other than super tiny fonts.
bought the pro version but can't add as a choosable background on my note 3 for moto 360. app shows up in phone but nothing in the gear app.
Does not update the weather temperature .Gets stuck for days showing same temp.Will have to uninstall this.Used to be ok..
Fails and temperature shows 100 regardless of F or C. I would love a refund for my wasted US $ 1.30
And it doesn't look different depending on the time of day even tho I enabled that option
Can't get it to pull the correct weather information for my location. Tried both automatic and manual settings.
Did a search for gear 2 apps, this one came up...bought it...should have read it all...NOT FOR GEAR 2...WHAT A JOKE
This used to be an excellent watch face. I even paid for it. The Dev doesn't support it anymore, so it slowly has stopped working due to lack of updates and bug fixes.
You need to pay for almost all features. I would like to use photos from my gallery for watch faces and this option is not free available. Only if I purchase the pro version.
I bought it for the weather,  but everything works except the weather.  No matter what location settings I choose it's always 100 degrees.
Showed the temp and forecast for two days then it was 90 degrees permanently. Waste of money.
Can't load photos from my gallery. Using a Nexus 5. Want to return.
Units are messed up.  Seems it's 100 degrees Celsius in Scotland lol
Almost perfect. The developer(s) need better curating. It's not that the art choice is bad, I've actually enjoyed that. However the quality of certain works is too pixelated for today's screens. Please consider only using higher resolution images
Used to work great. Now it has trouble changing wallpapers on its own. I've had this problem with multiple phones. It'll work if I change to wifi only, and then stop working. And then if I change it to not wifi only, it'll work for a bit and then stop. Wish it would work all the time.
It's gone back to getting stuck on one wallpaper and only showing half of it. I have to change sources, restart my phone to sometimes get it to work again. I use this app with backdrops.
First app I put on all my devices. Beautiful. The lastest update is great. The only thing that would make this perfect for me at least it's to add an option to stop wallpaper scrolling. I know some custom launchers do this but I actually prefer stock. Thanks for your hard work.
Coming back to this app after 3 years only to find that you still haven't given us an option to resize or adjust the wallpapers to our screens! It's not even scrollable! Beautiful app but it's all a waste if it won't fit our screens!
Works well for it's intended purpose and looks pretty. There should be a feature to adjust wallpapers on that are being used. If there's an error, it should tell you what file cannot be opened.
It's a great idea and used to work pretty well but the wallpapers always get stuck on a picture no matter the source or the update interval making the app pretty much useless.
Un intuitive. Uninstalled - When selecting wallpapers you must do it one photo at a time (can't select multiple)  - when done you're brought to an editing page that has no "launch"  or submit/proceed" button I suppose you just exit the app.  - Editing options for lock/home screen affect the opposite screen (lock screen settings affect home screen instead)  - lock screen doesn't even change to the wallpaper selected
Love the app but most of the time it doesn't change the wallpaper as scheduled on my S6 Edge which is really annoying, even when I go into the app and press the next arrow a lot of the time the wallpaper won't change. I have uninstalled/re-installed and cleared the cache etc with no success, it works perfectly on my Pixel C tablet so must be an issue with my phone which is running Nova launcher btw. Other than that I think its one of the best wallpaper apps out there.
Love the app, just one question for a feature update: Right now we can choose to not blur when on the lockscreen and I was wondering if it could be introduced that you can swap this. I'd like to have a sharp image on my home screen and have it blurred on my lockscreen. Is this possible?
Came back to Muzei after a few months after reading there had been "substantial internal improvements" ...which still don't include the ability to adjust the positioning of wallpapers.  Can't be that substantial if most negative comments reference that feature lacking and you don't address it. Oh, and upgrading to this latest version managed to blow out my selection of images from My Pictures and you can only select and add one image at a time?   How many reviews does it take to get a feature implemented?!   I'd happily pay for a version that let's you reposition.
Can't believe the images still don't fit the screen. Thanks a lot for the pointless "options" to blurr the image (who doesn't want blurry art??!!) but still nothing to re-size/recenter the image properly. Yet again the verdict is: uninstall.
Great app. Just one tiny thing: I want to adjust the wallpaper of the day manually if the chosen part of the painting is not the best of the whole.
FANtastic..!!  Used so many WP apps.. This is much better.. as compared to other automatic WP changer.. Provided Double Tap feature l like the most..  My Fav.Top 10 WP List(Free) ..Which l frequently use...  1-Wallpaper Changer by J4velin 2-MultiPicture Live WP by lllllT 3-SB Wallpaper by Shirobakama724 4-Live Wallpaper Loops by Ima 5-Smart WP by FeedK  6-Everyday Wallpaper by Nitin3210 7-7fon Wallpapers  8-Casualis WP by TangoDev  9- Muzei Live WP by Roman & lan lO-GIF Live WP-Lite by AlphaPk
It won't change backgrounds within so many minutes even when you state it in your settings. I'm unsure if this is a to do with my battery settings (medium, S8).
First time giving review for an app. This is amazing, I've been looking for a wallpaper app that has a dynamic function + great collection of wallpapers, and this app got both! Plus I really love that you can also put your own collection of wallpapers!
It never worked when I used Twilight and now on my V30 it never updates regardless of overlays. The Tumblr plug in has been stuck for weeks.
Best wallpaper app out there, just choose your source and it please try blurs the background.
Keeps freezing the wallpaper and I have restart it.
Neat concept, fairly lightweight, allows for third party modules and more!
do not know how to use it.just waist time.
I wish there was a feature that changed the wallpaper into parallax wallpapers. other than this it's great.
Loved it.  Devs, can we get non sliding wallpaper as option? I will like if my wallpaper is not split on multiple screens..
Specially for those who are too lazy to customise their homescreen.
Kindly allow to set multiple sources. But app is slow enough without it. Otherwise outstanding.
Why does it decide to stop updating every now and then?
Images are not fit for home screen after latest update.
Best wallpaper app ever, beautiful, a surprise every time you turn on your phone, and relaxing.
Simply great app
Its good.Not updating wallpaper automatically even at full internet access.Great app . Thankyou
Great app, wish it would auto size the images.  Auto Fit to screen!!!
Very original wallpaper app
Won't let me change the wallpaper when I sulking backdrops as the source
Fantastic array of features, very useful and just overall awesome.
Would be better if we could align the image to our liking
İt is not working a few weeks. I have loved app.
This is such a good app
Wonderful
Very nice
it's a good
Not updating, only way to get a current read is to select a different watch face then go back 😓
I like this
Unfortunately, BLC3CK Adventure has stopped. And it gives me an OK button. Only watch face to have ever done that. Over 100 watch faces I have tried. I'll redo the review after a fix.
How do I get it to work
Best watch face ever; brooos!
Nice
I cant add the watch face to my watch, yes, it is a android wear device, and ive updated everything to the latest software. Using the Tag Heuer Modular 45
It does not let you do anything
Lg urban 1 and it crashes instantly
Is it a widget or something
Love it. Looks very nice and minimalistic. I have firewatch wallpapers on all of my devices
I don't mind the lack of features it's clean but I don't know what it can do as it doesn't work on my smartwatch. Using Moto 360
Wind  speed is  wrong
Looks wonderful but it can't auto update the data, I used Moto 360 first Gen, and Android 6, so it won't auto update until you tab on google wear and re-tap this facer and the data will update. If I'm not doing that the data will remain still days after days. All permission has been set successfully.
Looks great and does everything its supposed to do, but my moto battery struggles to get through 8hrs. Hence only 3 stars!
So ambient mode is more of a strobe light feature as my screen flashes tons of times before registering any input, and after changing the display option to always on in the watch settings app, it never goes into ambient and just drains my battery. No option for current weather is a deal breaker. Knowing what the weather is going to be later is useful. But not as useful without current weather. Hope to see an update fixing these issues. Will downgrade to 1 star if no fix comes as the face seems bugged.
Wish I could change the color of the minute hand, non ambient.
There is no settings button
It always start with ambient mod for one second then it change to active mod and that is really annoying. and it's not free!
Flashes in and out of ambient mode before displaying normal active watch face, even with Ambient screen disabled in Android Wear on the watch.
I think this watch is adorable but please add the 12 hour format and I will update my review to 5 stars ;)
Very nice
Settings will not send over changes made in app. Complains that 'check your internet connection'
I did buy this watch face but had to get a refund. If you try to change any of the settings it crashes.
It is verrrrry amazing
Nothing wrong with it, just won't download it again
It's nice
Solid effort.
Nice watchface. Very functional, and nice to look at
Update still present with background issue. Screen goes black and only the white text shows..no time ect.
Add 24 hour support please
Just doesn't appear....
I LOVE your work. Your faces are amazing and elegant. I have to say that this face is far too tiny on the LG G Watch. I can barely read it. I know you mainly do round faces. That doesn't make your work any less. You are by far one of the best. I just wish you would extend out to more square faces. If you'd be so kind to edit this from a round inside a square face to a true square face it would be much appreciated. Keep up the great work. You're a true artist!
Really love ur work man. Amazing just make the small Number Markers Square too. Thanks dude
Not able to see on my watch
Thanks for giving the square heads some love. Looks really good
Looks nice shall give it a whirl
Great job man!
Like many other developed do, let us device if want ambient or not.  Don't give me a great looking face that dissappears after 5 seconds.  I do t care how fast the battery drains. I've got that covered.
I love the ambient mode for this watch face, but HATE the dimmed mode!  There needs to be an option to turn dimmed mode on/off.  Then 5 stars.
Lit up, this watchface has a surprisingly realistic look on my Sony Smartwatch 3. Interestingly enough, it doesn't look as good on my LG Watch Urbane - The colours are over saturated and cartoony. What IS sorely lacking is a day/date add on. It would take this from good to gravy.
With the new update, some of the UI elements are pixelated on my LG G watch. Thanks for the fix,  great work!
Nice looking watch face but I no longer use as the ambient mode looks dreadful.
The watch face is very beautiful and looks like a real, expensive and well-designed watch But there are some negatives I found: 1. Too quickly goes to energy saving mode, I'd like to show off my 'real' watch 2. As others reviewers mentioned, no date display, I think it could fit the design scheme without spoiling it - most of the expensive watches have it anyway 3. In the energy-saving mode, the digits are too close to the center. I understand, that they are on the same position as in the 'normal' face, but still it leaves huge empty space between the numbers and the bezel, and since this mode is used most of the time, makes the otherwise expensive looking watch, look cheap and funny 4. The orange 'minutes/seconds' ring, around the white hours ring duplicates the physical ring around the display of the LG G Watch R - there could be an option to remove it, and make the hour numbers closer to the bezel  But the biggest problem is, that the normal watch face doesn't use the whole display, there are around 10 pixels in each direction, that the face doesn't use ?!?  LG G Watch R here
Amazing looks elegant on my zenwatch :) can we get settings options change color of hands and a day/ date option would be top also you keep up the amazing work finally I found faces worth the money!!
Watchface is excellent!  Somehow it seems like it has not been updated. All the Google Now cards take up 50% of the screen space instead of the standard 20-25% which leaves little watchface visibility.
Once the option to turn on and off optional things on the watch face are added, will be 5 stars
I love how this face is Moto 360 friendly. It adjusts the face to account for the "flat tire" ambient sensors.
Please add an option to keep the same face in ambient mode
Please add options for day, date and, if possible, battery levels. Thanks.
One of the best faces on the market. Great attention to the fine detail. Love the simple elegance. Great job.
A proper premium watch face. Some of the faces I have used look pixelated. This looks clean and is well designed. 100% this is the best watch face out there!
One of the best watchface makers right now!
But I'd so much like to see it with a little date number window - I use this a lot with a watch.
Needs some way on connected phone  to force update to watch.
One of the best looking faces for the 360 but the screen lags from Orange numbers to the normal colors.  Please fix because I cannot use this face until you do.
It isn't really round. It is cut off on the right edge and slightly off center.  Very nice looking however.
Latest update seems to have corrected the battery drain issue on my Gear Live.
As others have said,   watch face is off center and does not look good with Moto360.
Looks great but uses a lot of power. I'll only be able to use it for special occasions.
Now the batterydrain is fixed this is one of my favourite faces... please make more!
Nice looking but causes lag on gear live.
Love the design but after choosing this face my battery went from 89% to 20% in an hour. I am guessing it is the always moving second hand as I have had similar results with other faces that had that as well. If there were an option to simply turn off the second hand I think it would solve everything.
I installed lots of smartwatch faces and all of them where too simple: You could tell a developer designed it.  Its so nice to use a watch that is really well designed!  totally worth!
There is a picture showing it should work, but it doesn't.  There isn't any customizing, and only a square template available
Had to refund as this does not work on the Moto 360 as other reviewers have written. I sent the developer an email as requested in those other reviews as well, but thought I'd document my review for posterity as well.  Great design, just not configured for Moto 360.
Horrible lag on Gear Live.
Please fix, I would love this one
Refund. Patch and I'll buy again.
Great looking,  but drains battery fast.  No options to change the colors.
Great watch face! I love how customizable this face is!
Nice watch face. I love it.
Settings doesn't stick in its application. And this watchface appears darker on watch than it's photos in play store
Good app but I would give it ***** if I had the option to put a widget for watch battery and date ect.
Like this watch face, new update works fine for me. Recommended for anyone who wants something unusual
The latest update changes the look of  the watch face in "sleep" mode. It is ugly! I am uninstalling it. Don't waste your money.
Very nice work but pls add the date information below the time. Ty
I love that he blows a puff of smoke every time I unlock my watch. 10/10
Nice face but on the Moto 360 in ambient mode on the charger the Cheshire cat is facing sideways?
Simply and elegant :-)
I have tried setting the time to 12 hour time with no leading zero and it will not change no matter how many times I try to change it! Please fix
Could you add an option to have 2 rows of the notification please, thank you.
Fits all my needs, dual time, weather ( with forecast), Analog and digital, REAL ambient mode. Usually I cannot find all of that within one watch face. There is a bit of fumbling around to figure out all of the customization and widgets. The picture in the app description with instructions made that simple enough though.
My moto 360 doesn't seem to be able to display the weather. It just has an n/a. I'm hoping there's a fix...
Great watch face, love the additional options for color changes.  My only request is the option in the settings part of the App, to lock these settings, so that an accidental press or swipe of the face doesn't change a color, or widget.  Daily use of my Moto360 or any smart watch is to touch and swipe it's face, well if my finger is a little off, I end up changing a widget or a color of a button/feature.  Locking my choices made from the App would prevent this.  Otherwise I really like this watch face!!!
Really wanted to like this but there's no Timer functionality.
I love this face but is there any way to hide cards in ambient mode?
By far my favorite watch face!  I love the built in widgets and stop watch/alarm
Looks great, but not able to get steps reading on moto 360 for some reason.  Google fit integration would be great.  Also, I wish the default notification card was much smaller.  It takes up 40% of the screen now and also overlaps text in ambient mode.
Installed it on my MOTO 360-2 about an hour ago and all went well. I like the screen and the options. Will update my review after a week or so :-)
It works and looks great on my Moto 360, Lg R...Love it
Weather update not working
Sorry, steps work!
...needs Fit integration.
Really like  this so far, was a bit dubious as like most I've tried round faces said to work on square watchs(LG g) and they are forced onto the screen and look daft Imo, this however works really quite well on a square face (include a screen shot it helps) customization is excellent love being able to just jump into a stopwatch when putting those inevitable microwave dinners in lol rather than fiddling around with menus. Well worth the penny's it costs to try Google fit integration would be great!
Pls add steps hide option
Non stop crashes on Android 6.0.1 making it unusable.    Would have loved it otherwise
18/4 - for some time now fit steps are different to fit app, have tried resync and still not working, any ideas?      Old -Great item having an app from the watch maker but there are some issues to look at please... 1. Please can we have a weather icon, 2. Also a battery tab for phone and watch, this would vastly improve the app and make it more competitive with the others available. Cheers.
Watch face is OK, could use more /better background control,  digit options and hand options. Mostly, several widgets fail to load /display: next appt, battery, compass. Would be my watch face of choice if it worked! Hope it's fixed. Smartwatch 3, w/updates.
Was Dull & Boring ... March 16 Update Shows Sony's REAL Support of Android Wear! Good New Faces prove you can do it Greatly, too. Keep on showing us you can outdo Anyone in the Android Wear-verse!
Installed it and nothing happens. Wont sync properly. Do i need a marshmallow OS for this to work? Definitely not user friendly. Looking for online help is futile...
FACES ETC ARE IN THE ANDROID WARE APP!!! Sony could hire some designers and engineers to create some great watch faces with options you want. But you get a few more faces with the same hit and miss additions and backgrounds you had with the other Sony faces. Imo this should offer tens of quality Sony faces each with widgets like steps or date across the range and not just what faces Sony thinks they suit.
Finally Marshmallow. Just received an update yesterday and everything looks good so far. Don't have to be worried of living phone at home any more. Remote notification work good only "ok google" playing up a bit but that the issue with connection speed. Ability to send what's app messages without phone is plus for me.
Download the app, no shortcuts are installed and isn't in the app draw, doesn't add any face options on the watch and nothing changes in Android Wear to give options to change as is written in the app instructions. Am I doing something wrong? There seems to be no way to actually access the app.
Getting better each time. There is a bug with the calendar widget. I have an all day appointment today. Yesterday it correctly said 'Tomorrow' above it. Today it still says 'Tomorrow'. Otherwise very good.
Idk if this is just a problem for me. Or if this is just Android Wear in general... I have downloaded and redownloaded. Restarted both phone and watch several times and no watchfaces on either the mobile app OR the watch. Spent 1 hour doing this for nothing and no website is helping to resolve the problem either. Definitely a stupid bug messing the whole app up.
These faces have lots of customization and features, like color and widget settings that you can access on both the phone and watch.  They also support card previews, unlike other faces.
Neither from the phone or the watch or the play store or any icons or anything. Reinstall does nothing to help
The faces needs to be more customisable, like on the sw2, that was and still brilliant...please add battery indicator and weather..
Bug in Android 6 seems to be peek does not work properly on always-on screen; I change the watch face to one not made by Sony and peek works as it should. Other than that it's nice to have some other choices and the standard customization built-in is a great idea.
This didn't come with my watch, but a very pleasant surprise to find, and I'm wishing it did!
Tried it and it did not show up, it didn't  respond to other functions.
Introducing THE EMPERORS NEW WATCH FACES!! I cannot really say I hated this app... because I cannot find it! There is no short cut on my phone. I cannot open it via the Play Store and it is not secret squirreled somewhere on my watch either. :(  I have followed all instructions, uninstalled reinstalled and updated all available software, but to no avail. Aside from the little (useless) green button that joyfully tells me it is installed it doesn't appear to exist! *weeps softly over her boringly standard SW3 watch face*
At first it didn't work, then i notice that the app was available using the  Android wear app
Where is the Marshmallow V6 update ,why do you keep lagging behind.If you build it Sony support your products you are a bunch of overpaid nitwits.
I just upgraded my Oneplus 2 to Android 6.0.1 under oxygen 3.0, I realise i cannot select any of the black backgrounds and some others.  Might be a bug.   Because the first row options are ok. Second row options are not.
It would be nice if you could update this with some newer faces and support. Using this with Xperia X (Android 7.1.1)
I really2 like the modern face, but please give us black background option, PLEASE.
doesn't work, hated my watch because of it :(  There is no option to open the app, just an option to uninstall...
I have a Sony smart watch 3 and this app doesn't work the watch is showing the same old system watch skins
I download it but there is no app on my hp or smartwatch...
After instalation there is no shortcut or any app information on my phone. On app store I have only button uninstall. Can not open it. I use Samsung galaxy S7 edge
Can't see the watch faces!!
It's okay app. I found other apps that has better and more features.
Doesn't work at all. No where to be found on phone or watch
Add more options. This is brutal.
Downloaded and synced instantly, simplistic and nice faces 💪
Amazing faces for my smartwatch.. I wonder if u can add the Xperia xz premium new digital clock
Classy and get the job done but I wish if SONY update it with new ones
Watchfaces are modern and cool. Tons of customizations without getting too crazy and constant updates. Thanks Sony!

Can't edit the faces any on the watch then tell it to send to phone and nothing happens..?
It helped my watch look cool
Steps count is constantly at 0.  Please fix. (Sony Smartwatch 3 updated to Android 6)
Well it feels that way
Why dont you offer more faces?
Simple but works. Some widgets on selected faces are terrific.
This is a cool watch face ! I have it since long .But,never got bored ;)
Its superb. I was looking for some flying plane over the world glob watchface and got this. Really very nice...
Great watch face for moto 360 gen 2 ever
I tried everything to sync to my Hauwei watch and nothing. Please help. Update... I fixed it😉 works fine now.
Great watch face for scooter lovers!
Fun
Great
Great
Never show up in LG urbane ... I tried Resync...Restarted .Different ...But no use .
How too run in samsung j5 prime
Great watch face. Love the Vespa GS!
Lovely watch face
Love it
Very different 😁 would be great to have the battery charge amount too. Plus other watch Faces have that u can tap a part of the face and you go to weather, calendar, alarm etc ..
Not working on my moto 360 2nd gen.......UPDATEafter restarting my watch its working thanks for your hardware and if possible instead of scooter put aeroplain...i think it will be cool
The colors are amazing! It's in HD! It's tough to find HD watch faces. Try it out and see for yourself (:😃
Really cool and vintage look....Love it...people give lots of complements. Great work...
I think it's one of the cool watchface I ever had
How do i apply it on my gear s2 ?
Love love love the funky vintage style perfect for spring and summer
Fun face and works well on SW3
Nostalgic&Funny&Pretty...
works as described. 👍 tks.
I like
Loved it!
Waooooo so classic...Scooter & funny
Fun simple gorgeous
Poor
Sip
Beautiful app
Fun watch face.  Would like to change month for day of week.
Loved it while using and ambient mode is super cool
Lovett :-)!!
Drains the battery
Dazzling! Brilliant! Bravo!
Very nice but draining battery to huawey watch 5 percent in 45 minute.
Cool
The layout is very nice, however unless you have an amoled screen this will eat your battery alive in a very short amount of time.  I had to uninstall it from my moto 360 to stop my battery from draining at a phenomenal rate.
I was so excited to install this watch face on my smartwatch 3 because of how clean and elegant it looked but I got the shock of my life when the battery drained from 70% to 3% in 1 hour! 😰. Please fix the battery drain issue. It's colossal.
This face stopped my watch from charging. it drained to nothing and would not charge. took 3 days to get 2% battery into the watch. quickly changed face and it charged fine. this face almost made my moto 360 useless. DO NOT INSTALL........
When I'm using this watch face my moto 360 won't charge properly. It stucks at 60% or somewhere around that amount. Please fix it. It really looks good.
Apparently this app is the culprit of draining of draining my battery to almost in operable condition. On top of that it keeps coming up with this annoying notification to sync.  A shame I have to uninstall because it is by far one of the best design I come across .it looks way better in person than it does looking at a picture
Only thing I didn't like was the fixed Fahrenheit display & locked up customisation option. I always end up doing the opposite to purchasing in such cases.
Keeps saying "check your internet connection" even though I'm on my wifi. I'm writing this review on my wifi while I stream to my Chromecast so that's definitely not the issue.
The watch face looks good, but in my case - LG G watch & Samsung Galaxy S7 - the battery drains really quick !
Nope. I don't even feel the need to explain the bugs and issues. Scroll through the others and you'll ses. Biggest one is battery drain is OUTRAGEOUS. How is beyond me.
This watch face looks really nice BUT it just kills both my watch batteries. I develop on Android and I've developed Android Wear watch face's for myself, my watch faces on my watches do not kill watch batteries for fun like yours do.   Please sort it out...
Looks good, but temperature and battery display are "pro" features. Constantly pops up and asks to upgrade to pro. Not enough features to justify upgrading.
It looks good but the weather doesn't update. Just shows 0 degrees and 0 humidity all the time which drives me nuts. On my Moto 360
It kills the battery on my moto 360 2nd! Please fix it as the face is beautiful
Serious battery drain. Do not recommend
Kills battery and can't choose Celsius. Not paying for promise of Celsius option; deleting due to battery issue.
Refund!! My money
Like the design but drains my battery life really, really bad. Flawed
Looks nice on my Hauwai,  but won't show phones battery,  temperature or humidity. Would like to see removal of leading 0 in time also don't need to see 05.13pm
Pro version doesn't work. Ads exist even in pro version. Not much settings and customization.
The temperature is a premium feature. And it drains your battery very quickly.
Bought. Even after purchase kept getting prompt to buy full version. I DID BUY full version. Seems like no developer support. Refund. Uninstalling. DO NOT BUY!!
The design is good, but drain my watch battery
Waste of money
It looked really cool but like the others the humidity and other options never updated on my moto 360 sport
Battery went from 47 to 1℅ in few hours! I usually get 12 hrs with that so big battery drainer
It looks great but omg the battery drain!!
Font looks nice but doesn't do sunset as advertised. Instead displays humidity and temperature which I didn't download this for.
Can't customize due to, "buy pro version" bug.
No customization options at all
Drained my watch in 2 hours
Needs some improvements in weather notifications and step counter
Not worth it !
Huuuge battery drain
Looks great but sucks the life out of your battery.
Can't sync data
Causes reverse charging bug, tested on fresh install.
Watch
Decent watch face...
It's cool
The best
Simple and nice
Needs seconds option!
Hello is very good software thanks
Bad quality
Does what it says on the tin -- clear, good looking and configurable.  Would be nice to have more backgrounds and things.
Incorrect display
它的岩石，它推出，它告诉时间

It works, its free, its great. Don't pay for watch faces.
I really like the look of this watch face. Would you be able to do an Avengers watch face and Knight Rider watch face.
Id love to use this - but says it's down loaded but it's no where to be found! Turned both device off and on etc. Isn't there!
White text, light blue background, tiny font. Options, please.
It won't even let me open it
Loved this app, I paid for the premium version.  Compass does not work but neither do other compass apps for my Huawei watch.  I particularly like the customisable widget shortcuts which appear on the watch face. I wish the hands were more distinctive on the analogue face, otherwise highly recommended.
I have premium and like the watch face.  It is missing a couple of things. It should include some of the features like Ultra Watch Face. Unread messages and calls. And the shortcuts that are available to choose from are very limited. I would like to be able to set a shortcut to the phone on the watch and cannot.
Not sure what's wrong but it keeps stopping. Shame. Hopefully developers have a fix.....looks like it could be good, and I've paid for premium too🤔
The weather part does not work, stock on celsius.
Wouldn't work at all on Zenwatch with Android Wear 2.0
Wanted to try premium... Do I have to download premium from the watch or can I do it on my phone through playstore?
Interactive features have stopped working. Not too impressed.
I purchased it but, since the last update there's no way to change the settings and the app on the phone no longer works!😵😡👾
I downloaded it from Android Wear. It went to my phone's home screen instead of to Android Wear. I can't get it on to my fossil Q watch
Bought premium features but the watch face will not appear on my Fossil watch.
Can you please include a option to have the time display as 1 colour instead of this textured format?
Why is the temperature in Celsius?
Looks awesome worth paying premium version
Nice face.  I really do enjoy it, however minus 1 start due to the compass not working.  It is frozen pointing North.  Am I wrong in assuming it should work like an actual compass.  (Yes, I have GPS turned on)
Being spammed by my watch faces to advertise more faces I don't care about is a no no. This face abuses notifications to spam users.
Love it, do wish there were more options for design, and the next and back buttons lag or don't work randomly, but after rebooting it normally works for a while.
Does not work on Moto 360 2gen. Even if they say so.  And I can not get a refund.  Uninstall !!!!  Don't download this app
Really like the app but  no longer vibrate after wear 2 update
Does not work.  Save your money
Worked when I first downloaded it but after a couple of hours the pro functionality stopped working
Good, practical app, quick launch for stopwatch, timers, etc. But needs a way to save a look for quick switching between looks.
Still in the beginning of Use but first impression is Nice...been expecting a little bit more but We'see we'll see ...
This is a good watch face easy to read and use.
Good addition to watch face collection
Love it!
If you have already got a version then you shouldn't have to purchase the updated version. That's wrong.
Love this watch face, would be nice if the date format could be changed to mm/dd/yy.  Update: weather is inaccurate and will not update, lowerd to three stars
If the weather conditions can be colorful but not black and white, I will rate higher. Hope you have time to amend as my request after you finish the project for Android Wear 2 watch face.
Had to uninstall and reinstall to get weather to update again. Besides that...a good free face with a few bells and whistles which are nice
Like the look but the weather is useless never stays updated. tried all the options available.
Great app.  It's has been my main watch face for over 6 months. There is so many configurations you can do with it.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Won't sync with Google fit. Even un-installed and re-installed.
Easy to use has many features for being free!
Very nice look and easy use
Very very very good
Overall awesome
The look, feel and idea of the app is great. However, I paid for it so I could change the color. Every time I do so it lasts for a little before changing to some other ugly color
Thanks for your time and effort into the app.  I like it!
Nice face with the most useful easy accessable features.
I'm sorry but you are very deceptive.  First it's made to look like we get more watch faces from inside the app but we have to pay extra for them.    I have no issues paying a few bucks for a quality watch face but I don't like feeling as if I've been tricked.   It should say right in the app description that extra faces shown in the app are extra money.
Just went back to Android Wear from Samsung, and I was like what new fresh watches can I find? It's been about a year the game should've advanced in that time. Lo and behold Tha Phlash is still killing em with the freshest, most realistic, and well designed faces. From the tiny details to function he's killing em all! Just coped that Super too from ur site that's what's up! Will definitely buy more. Have like 6 of his already. Lol.
This is hands down the best looking watch face available for the Moto 360.  Unbelievable style, fantastic customization options (the shortcuts on the metronome were an especially nice touch)... just a winner all around. How is this guy not at the top of the android wear suggested apps?
Love this. One question- twilight mode, does this change automatically? I have America and come night time the face colours change, so is this supposed to happen with Steampunk as it currently doesn't on my Huawei watch? Thanks
I switched watch faces to test and voice control worked fine. And my color settings never stick. It randomly switches back to the default yellow. Huawei smartwatch.
I Love I mean LOVE this face. It looks amazing on my Huawei watch. The overall look and the ability to customize the face are spectacular. I had a small issue with battery life, but Phlash hooked me up with a super simple fix. 5 stars just doesn't seem to be enough stars.
It was hard to pick a favorite from your incredible work until now. Love all of your watch faces but this one really got me. Keep it up and I'll keep getting them.
Wow! Dude this is so awesome, thanks for the retro. One request, could you make the twilight switch from day to night, automatically like your other watches.👍👍
Love all your work, I have them all. Always waiting for the next new face. Please bring your Punisher face to Play Store. Thanks 👍
Hell yeah! After installing this watch face, no other one has replaced it on my Moto 360.
Without a doubt one of my most favorite faces on my Moto 360 2. Thank you for your excellent work!
nice looking face - trying to figure out why the heart rate never updates though...
Will give a better rating once I can actually see it work on my Moto360
Love it...could there be option to control how long active before going minimal please
Never doubt. Always download. Trust AppMaster Phlash.
How do i enable minimal?
This guy right here makes the best looking watch faces around!  Purchased like 6 of them.  Keep it going man!
Great watch face. Pretty much impossible to beat Tha Phlash when it comes to design and smooth operation here. Beautiful watch!
Make your smartwatch glow with the retro of Steampunk.
Does this work with Samsung gear?
Sir...you have done it again!!! another perfect watch face!
Cant get this to go into night mode, it keeps defaulting to this basic white on black digital clock.  Screen time out seems to be 3 seconds and can not turn that off either.  Hauwei watch.
Thank you
You need this. Everyone needs this.
I installed it and the face was nice. However, I could not find anywhere to modify it. Nothing showed up on my phone (nexus 6) and when looking at the face on my watch  there wasn't a gear to modify it. This was basically a what you see is what you get. No extra colors or launching of apps and etc. Maybe it was a fluke I don't know. I can say that the only option when viewing in the play store was refund. Typically there is an open option. Sorry for the 1 star but it is what it is and that is non-functional
I really was looking forward to these watch faces. Especially the ambient. After downloading onto my phone, it is nowhere to be found. I checked my gearwear app, apps and everywhere possible. It does show up in my app manager but I cant use it from there. Got my refund. Worthless.
Could you add the option for full watch face in dim mode.  Love the face but would like to see it all the time.
Followed instructions in the description. Not luck after restarting everything.
Customizations don't carry over to watch
Couldn't get changes to stick - no refund option?
Theres only 4 or 5 preset color combinations, none of which look particularly good. It's a nice concept for a watch face, just not very pretty.
And I really hated it
Moto 360 and Note 4 =/
Good option for a Moto 360 ;)
Beautiful watchface. Would really like to see customization for colors!!!
Loved this app so simple to use and lovely colours :)
The best watch face there is. Great animation and very stylish. I would love to see more watch faces like this
Truly excellent watch face, would love to see some more colors (or even customizable ones)!
The best watch I have used so far.
I have hunted high and low for a good watch face worth the money. This one may be free but is easily worth more than most that charge as it's smooth, animated, clear and useful. And it doesn't destroy your battery.
One of the best watch faces. Smart features and you are able to customize the color scheme ! Love it.
So useful. So simple. So beautiful. Love it!
A very minimal but good looking watch face that has some great features. Dev is also awesome, he is very timely with adding feature requests.
Any way to change it from 24hr format to 12hr?  Thank you
Love the watch face but wish there was a way to turn off the second "ticker" on my Zenwatch 2 running Android Wear 1.5.
Works out well! And + for including a step counter.
Watch won't show in Watchmaker. Just shows the leather background
Only the leather background is visible in Watchmaker. No hands, no ticks, no nothing.
This has been one of my favorite watch face collections. I had been waiting for some more fruits and now they're here! I look forward to which fruits will be added in a further update. Each fruit has such an excellent and clean design with colors that really pop. Keep up the great work!
Really like the stylized shapes and colours. Would appreciate an option to show a random slice on a given interval. I'd also like to suggest fruits like mangosteens for purple, tomatoes for deep reds and avocados for a brown/green look.
Even prettier on a square watch face! Great buy for a buck, not disappointed!
Best dollar I have ever spent
My favorite watch face!!
beautiful
I was afraid that these fruity designs were made with a focus on the round watch faces, but was glad to see that the square designs are as awesome as the round ones. Very well-designed and simple, which is what makes a good watch face, in my mind. I hope more designs will come in the future, but I'm happy with the current choices.
I am really pissed off. I downloaded it, waited for hours (maybe it has to sync I thought) but the watchface never popped up. I can't refund and wasted 0,99 cents. Thank you.
I'm a produce manager, so these watch faces fit my job perfectly. Also like that I can switch up the faces. First it was melon, now it's grapefruit. Perfect. Thanks!
I really like it, but for me there is only one problem... I would like more, it's so nice :)
It would be nice if you added digital time. And here are some fruit ideas: blueberry apple strawberry lemon pomegranate and banana! Keep up the GREAT work!
First watch app I bought and love it. Vibrant colours, real nice :) I hope they add more fruity flavours to choose from!!! Lemon pineapple strawberry orange! Passion fruit! 🍓🍋🍇🍊🍍🍉🍑🍏
Sorry I didn't read that it said watch wear. But 5 stars for looking cool
These are the best little watch faces to make my watch a bit crazy from time to time 😁
I love it!
MORE FRUITS PLEASE!!
Lemon next? Or perhaps orange?
Nice and clean.
I love these watchfaces. I switch between the kiwi and the watermelon a lot, but these flat 2D watchfaces are just so aesthetically pleasing.
These are some lovely designs and I really love the art style. It would be even better if there was a broader range of fruit to pick from. Classic kiwi is my personal favourite at the moment. Great job - I really like these watch faces.
Cool and clean design. Good job!!!
Really enjoy the design scheme of the watch face and appreciate that it displays enough information on screen without being cumbersome. Choosing which apps or widgets I want to access through touchable icons is a nice feature. And a shout-out to the developer for responding to my email on a question I had in a timely manner. Really appreciate that.
yeah
The smooth animation with the moving bars is nowhere to be found on my ZenWatch 3. Not sure what type of watch is used to make the video, but it sure as hell doesn't look like that in real life!
All interactive sections work very well and the face looks great. Just wish this could save different colour schemes like I can do on the Octane watch face from the same maker. Please consider adding this feature as I have purchased a few watch faces from you now and this is a great feature to have, as I use this one and Octane face every day. Keep up the good work.
Why can't I open the mobile app to edit the colors? It's only possible via the watch and it's very time consuming. The mobile app can't be opened at all, only "Uninstall" option is available.
Looks and runs great.
Great app
I like
This is the 3rd watchface I have purchased that claims certain features but does not deliver. It also won't let me refund it due to the time it takes to download, install and try out. Author, if you claim to be able to use multiple different widgets, next time specify that you can only use 2 or 3 at a time.
Love this one. Easy to view and looks Great!
Love it
My go to watchface
Would love the option to change the clock font. Awesome looking face though. Also, I read through the one and two star reviews. It looks like they are user errors. This watch face has been great for me for many months possibly a year by now.
Doesn't matter which color scheme I choose on my watch, it doesn't refresh. The settings don't seem to work either. Using Nexus 6 with lg watch R.
Readings such as phone battery indicator is inaccurate. Irrespective shows my phone has 50% battery but my phone shows 100%
Wasted my money on this one.
I can't edit anything. Can't change color, presets or anything at all.
Just loved it...👍👍👍
I've spent so much time looking at watch faces, and I always keep coming back to this one. Great job developers in creating a watch face that is not only attractive but also very functional. Keep up the good work.
I love this watch face. It's very different but in a good way. It looks high tech while still being readable. There's tons of shortcuts right on the face itself.
I normally use the futustic gui but this atomic is a special one. The color schemes and flexibility, along with the extra widgets is everything you need
This is beautiful to wear but it devours battery life to the point of making it useless.
I wear ties to work and my watch always matches my outfits...
Stable and runs well
Excellent face and customisation. Clock could of been a bit bigger. Takes a few touches to use the active areas with them being so small..overall a great looking face.
Excellent, but if color was integrated, all components in the same pallet, rather than individual setting.
I like futuristic Watch Face and this is one of those. Prompt reply from dev when help needed. Good job! :)
One of my favourite...
Really easy to use loads of options
The face itself looks good on my huawei and zenwatch 2. Many customization options. However it can use an active preset community.
Love this face. I think the time needs to be made a little bigger.  Next update maybe?
This dev is really onto something with their watch faces. Good job!
Looks really good! I really like the fact that there are a lot of customization options! Great job
Not a bad design
I bought this because I wanted to have more information available to me, but the settings only allow you 2 widgets and 2 shortcuts (which can NOT be widgets). It is advertised as having 8 customizable areas of information, but I did not find that true. Luckily, I was able to get a refund.
Unable to change weather to Fahrenheit or get rid of military time.
Tried installing this, but it doesn't show up on my G Watch R, or in the wear app on my phone.
I complained that the hands were not visible and the glow feature did not work and emailed the developer about this. With a quick reply he informed me about the bug in watchmaker and the fix for it.  Simply change your weather provider and change back, it will work perfectly then. This face was the reason I paid for the premium watchmaker app.
Looks very nice,  but the watchface does not appear on my phone/watch. Tried to uninstall and install few times - no good. LG G Watch R
As much as I love the look of this watchface, it absolutely kills my Moto 360 battery. I was lucky to get maybe 8 hours of run time with average use. I went back to Celestial 3D, which is equally gorgeous and my watch goes all day and into the night. I may use this watchface for special occasions, but never as a daily driver.
The watch hands are black on a black background not white as shown in the app. Not sure why but it's unreadable.
Frank is the undisputed best face maker in the game.  If you've hung around the watchmaker app community you know every one is solid gold perfect every time.
I had lots of trouble getting this to install until I followed directions :). You have to first download the watchmaker app and then install this app from your phone (using watchmaker)
The face is superb but could do with a bit more, my everyday watch face is vizorwatch, would say if you could do the same with Opulence this would become my everyday watch face.. Keep up the good work though.
Its really well done, but that's a given with Frank. The guys a genius and very generous. Most Would charge for this. Head to WatchMaker to see his best stuff.
Can't  see the watch on my hauwai watch. Not in the android wear app at all
Took me a bit to figure out how to change the second timezone but once I got that I'm really happy with it. Great design.
Can only get black hands on Moto 360 5.1.1
I can't see it not on my phone, and not on my watch. Uninstalling.
Would have liked it but it just doesn't synch to my phone, tried manual and gave it an additional 10 minutes, nothing. MOTO360
How to work it out.
Could not use it didn't sync with my watch just like some other reviews said
Like all his other creations, the author displays a keen eye for details and appreciation for esthetics.
Great watchface from a great designer. Also, it's unlocked so you can edit and/or learn from it.
Very bad not work
It's my daily driver since the announcement and I love it! #moto360
It let me new watch everyday.
Didn't show on my watch...
Won't download
Nice
Nice and  beautiful display
Excellent
Building faces for Android Wear takes a lot of talent. Not only does one need to make the watchface functional, it has to inspire the wear'er. Frank continues to do so with this face and I am honored that he offered it for free to the community. The glow feature on this design is quite original and I will enjoy playing with it to get the look that I want to have. Great!
Great features and good battery life. Love the looks.  I just need to figure out how to change the 2nd  time zone and I'll be happy. Frank - you're right. I completely forgot it was there. Love this watch.
Love this face. One of my favorites before so I can only imagine this new version with extra love with be even more amazing. Thank you!
Installed it, tried it, loved it. The fact it's free makes it seem like stealing ;)
Frank's work is always awesome. He has some of the most amazing faces I have seen.  Top notch!
One of the best watchmaker designers out there. Amazing Watchface and the autoglow is a very nice touch and well implemented.
Great job Frank, looks good on my Urbane. You are one of the best bud.
I really like that you can change the color on the fly right from the watchface. Great job!
Have just downloaded a couple of these watches and they look great!
Love it so much. Thank You Frank
Certainly one of the best of the year. Thank you!
So clear and sharp looks awesome in my LG GWR .
Opulence watches are always a good ride. Loving this one.
Wonderful design by a masterful watch face creator.
One of my favorites!
Nicely done. Must have

This is by far one of my favorite watchfaces. Works great on my LG G Watch paired with my Nexus 5 zero bugs. Love the font and how the stop play button turns black when listening to Google Music. Rated 4 stars. Features i'd like to see: Ability to set 24h or 12h AM/PM format, display the date, Toggle ambient mode to color or black or white. This would make it perfect. Would rate 5 stars or even pay for this. Way better than most paid watchfaces. The Japanese know how its done.
An instant favorite. Needs ambient mode and 12/24 hour opt. Don't know if phone app is a bonus.
Can't find it anywhere not in widgets , wallpapers ,  apps or themes
Good
Finally a high contrast analogue watch face. This is exactly the simplicity and functionality I wanted. Thank you developers! Keep going! -  see Hamilton mil spec watches of Vietnam war era for ideas along this line.

Option to choose 12-hr format would be great.
Love how clear this watch face is. If there was one thing I would change it would be to have and option to display the day if the month too
Just what I was looking for in a watch face, easy to read, and I love the smooth moving seconds hand.
Its sucks that you have to download the karma app
Sweeping second hand looks like a top end watch
Very well done. Thanks!
Pretty good app
Moto360
Great watchface
Best face
Paid for in-app purchases, but still getting ALL ADS! Total theft! Emailed them twice, but no reply. DO NOT PURCHASE!! BEWARE!!
Keeps crashing, companion apps for individual watch faces are so useless.

Very disappointed, give all permissions and watch face crashes always. Not recommend to anybody. Don't buy it is a waste of your money
This is the only watch face I use it's customer to my colors, granting permission, not a problem
Pretty nice. Five stars when the battery levels colors can be changed as well as the fonts for dates, steps etc.
Moto2nd cool
Love it
Occasionally i got the "disconnect moment" got freeze message in my moto 360 2nd that i need to configure the setting via android wear app
The configuration app keeps force closing. Getting a refund. Too bad, it looks nice.
Good
It did not work.  It froze my watch
Face frequently crashes.
Doesn't open. Just FC.
Hate it
Love This Face
Excellent
I've been a fan of a lot of DeNitE's watch faces and this one is my current favorite.
Can't really check this one the basic version is too locked!!! It looks nice but all functions are locked
But like many of this devs faces, it is not centered on the Moto 360. Needs to be moved a couple pixels to the right (not sure exactly how many). The dials might actually be centered, but not the edges of the face.
Still my go to watch face
I've been wondering why anyone would download a analog watch face to a smart watch, this is a good alternative, still showing the seconds (which is the triangle increasing in size) with digital numbers, the text of which is big enough to glance at. I only wish there was an option to add the date. Cool design though, feels very modern while still holding on to elements of a classic watch face so it doesn't scream smart watch. I really like the color combinations as well.
Personalised colours would take this to a 5/5
It would be nice to put some editing options in this app. Maybe even changing the font. I just expect more for a buck. Also one major problem with this watch face is the time isn't synced properly. Every other item says the correct time but this watch face. Always two mins behind. I change watch face and it catches up. Can that be fixed?
Lovely animations between seconds and as the app wakes and a lot of really nice colour-ways too. Currently using the 'Hardware' option.  One nice touch is the way the numbers slide out of each-others way as they approach so you can always read the time with the 'hour' to the left of the 'minute'
It looks good, but cant properly test it as long as it uses the big notifications which take up half the screen. Please make this a setting or change it to small notifications.
Would be better if the triangle is hollow on ambient mode, otherwise there's no burn in protection. Also would be good to have the animation be smooth rather than in ticks, and have the option to keep the screen on longer.
Love the look of this watch face and the face works fine. But I find it still slows voice activation and searches on my gear live down to a painful pace.
The option to change from 24 to 12 hour isn't there along with changing ....well any options.
I bought this because it showed both analog and digital.  Had I known the digital only supported military time, I would not have gotten it.  As it is, I'll never actually use it because of this.  EDIT 9/12/2014: Pretty sure I'm reading it right... The clock face clearly says it's the 12th but it's indicating that it's Saturday and not Friday as it should.
Please add 12h option
Crap
Works alsone
Ambient mode doesn't show the seconds like in the preview screenshot even if I set it to show the full watch face so I'm guessing that's a bug. Also, could use the option to change the background color from dark grey to black in regular mode. No complaints other than that. It's beautiful, it's simple/minimalistic, and I haven't noticed any battery drain.
It's a really nice looking watchface, but I'm not going to keep a watch face that goes against the guidelines and clutters my app drawer with an app icon for no reason. Android Wear supports watch face settings in the app or directly on the watch. There's no reason to do this.
It's a nice looking watchface albeit VERY simple. No room for customization except for 12/24hr mode and making seconds grey instead of white. Description says something about date and day of the week being visible on the face but I couldn't find such a setting at all!
It looks great. I paid the money for Prime, but the Fit sync never syncs and the companion app crashes. I emailed tech support, but haven't heard back yet. I'll update the review if the developer responds and resolves it. Update: the developer responded and said they couldn't fix it and refunded my money. It's a shame because it's a really nice looking watch face.
I payed for the app on my S4 it uses to crash slot and not sync... I thought that as the phone was old and had plenty on it is ok. I now have the S7 and it crashes all the time and still does not sync. Why.
Bought it for the beauty and Google fit integration. It's a beautiful watchface but Google fit does not work. Premium is a scam, tried rebooting the watch and phone, also resync of apps. But alas!
Very pleasing to look at with good functionality at the same time. Some additions I'd like to see are a brightness slider, ##latest heart rate (based on your time interval settings)## now removed, step counter. The "OK Google" middle touch feature doesn't work for me  Why remove the heart rate monitor interval? That was one of the best features!
I love the face design, so I purchased the premier version which unlocks some extra icon on the watch face, these icons link with Google Fit in the setting up app, but when I touch step icon or heart rate icon on the watch face, it never sync with Google Fit's data. Always said: no data.
I really like this one. Only thing I'm missing is the steps counter somewhere on the main screen (for example, somewhere under time). Thanks.
The weather will no longer update and you can't force it to update through the phone app.  Got contacted by the dev if I had tried the other weather providers. Yes I have with no fix.  Really regretting paying for it.
Fit Not Functional. Another waste of $1.49. Should have read the reviews before I purchased and wasted 30 min trying to make it work as described.
Two watch faces purchased and neither will show up in watch or android wear all after multiple syncs and reboots... Uninstalling both
I like the look but it doesn't update phone battery or weather on regular basis. It updates when it wants. Probably going to un-install.
Liked it a lot, but since last update no FIT data sync. Which was the killer feature I purchased it for.
It sucks like your watches
nice app
Loved it, but since latest update it no longer updates the Google fit info, everything stays at zero. I have contacted the developer, who responded almost instantly to say reinstall, which obviously I had already tried, and then, nothing else, no response. Not that impressed I'm afraid, which is a shame because on all other aspects, it's a great design (used on a Nixon Mission).
Love all the apps from this developer. Especially this one.  My only complaint is how they implement the weather info system in their faces. It's very simplistic. It requires location to be on all the time to get the info and the location selection option doesn't work AT ALL. It doesn't detect what state is put in, just the city. There's more than on of my cities in the US.  I have a few other watch faces that use a method that doesn't require location to be on indefinitely to be able to get weather stats. It allows you to pick a location from a map and it refreshes every so often. You don't need to have location on.    It would be greatly appreciated if the developer could either overhaul the system these other faces use or at least fix the location selection option so it actually works.
The design and features look good but there are glitches. Phone battery info doesn't get synced after the first time. Was unable to use any of the home screen button after first time. Had to reinstall it.
Premium version is a scam. Attempting to link Google Fit will conveniently crash this app. Better watchfaces out there more deserving of your cash.
Looks great but premium version doesn't work Yes, I paid for premium and I have it checked and Google fit is connected but nothing is there. Music player doesn't work either.
Premium is not stable.  Sometimes works other times not.  It's a shame because it look really nice.
I paid for premium but Google fit doesn't work!
Weather never updates the weather! And no replies for the dev mails!
Where's the date format options? DD MM YYYY
The timer shortcut doesn't seem to work
Love the look
Started off OK, stopped responding to touches. Uninstalled and reinstalled, doesn't appear on list of watch faces, so impossible to use. £1 wasted.  Update: after another reinstall working again, so upped to 2 stars. Not a great user experience, although when it works it looks good.
Hello. Is there any way you can make the Date bigger in the next update? It's a little hard to see in broad day light. Thanks in advance.
I purchased what I thought was a nice face, it stopped working on me and is no longer in my list of faces. Highly upset. Rip off
Such a lousy app even the basic ones are not synchronizing properly and expect us to buy the premium ones. What a joke,pls take out app before it does more damages to other smart watches!!!!
None of the touch menus are working on the watch face, I have the paid version and have re installed, but to no avail,finally got it to work after several restarts of both the phone and the watch.
Very nice watch face, I love the look! Would like to be able to disable seconds indicator and disable color changes, you can lock UI but you lose all interactivity. Well done!
OK Google Now does not work, neither does Google Fit and the app player activates different music players
It's a nice looking watch face. Would like to have integrated moto body tracker option as well as Google Fit.  Would also like to have the option to have just a step count and to be able to turn off some of the interactive features
Would be 5 stars if distance could be displayed as miles not kilometers. Edit down to 3 stars. Notifications of "try this watch face" have started :(
Paid for it, no interaction,  power levels are not accurate
To much going on, colors are dreadful
It use to work on Wear 2.0 beta 1, and 2. Does not work with beta 3 and 7.1.1
Very useful and has great info available
This is my go to watchface. It tells me exactly what I want and is very customizable
Now my main watch face, easy to read, watch and phone battery levels are useful and ambient mode is simple and clear. Great watch face!!
One if the best watch faces I have seen but the date needs to be a little larger.
It doesn't keep the same size of the screen. Un installed
Not working, uninstall after wasting too much time to try again and again...
Good app
Love it.
Absolutely Love the features and options.  The face is elegant, cool and battery friendly.  A Must have
Everybody needs a Blinky floating space cat watch face! Love it
Watch face
I hardly ever write reviews, but after trying every "aviation" style watchface on the Play Store, including several purchased ones, I've found this to be the best.  It's the clearest and most readable, both in full mode and in ambient mode; displays exactly what I want; doesn't have much customizability but why mess with perfection.    Thank you Gaetan!
I do not usually write reviews but I am very impressed with this watch face. It is very good looking, awesome ambient mode, day and date are there, and the battery meter is nice to have and doesn't take up much room at all. Can't beat the price either. Well done.
It's a very beautiful, functional watch face.  Very well laid out.  To me, the only thing that would make it perfect was if there was the ability for the user to set how long the second hand sweeps/ticks before going into sleep mode.  Thanks for making this face public!!
I tried many faces but this one finally delivers.  It's easy to read in both modes.  I would suggest maybe to drop the useless beats per second function and give us the function to choose the delay for ambient mode
Would give 5 stars if a square option were available, and had a little more customization options. But, it does what its supposed to do. Can't complain much.
Almost got myself to develop a flat tire compatible watch face till I stumble on this. A marvellously created watch face that is zero nonsense. Loving it with Fossil Q Marshal
One of the simplest yet loveliest faces. The best thing is you can adjust the bit rate if the second hand. Would love to see a step counter. Till then 4 stars.
Love the look of this watch face, the accent colours make it easy to subtly switch up the look. I would really like to be able to disable the second hand though.
Simple, effective (unlike this phones keyboard)  I like this,bits going to become a staple in my watch box
Loved it 5* . Pls add option for showing digital time and more options to customise the hour,minute,second hands. In ambient mode option to hide the clock hands and show digital time.
I downloaded every face I could find that looked even halfway decent. This one is by far the best. It's just awesome!
Would be great to have the hour and minute hands of the standard mode in high contrast mode, too.  Wrote the developer but didn't even get an answer. :-(
..... With a few more options will be 5 star.Looks amazing on my Sony.High contrast mode is stunning,looking forward to update.Keep up the good work!
Such a nice watchface, with an awesome design. Great that it has a mode for AMOLED screens. Simply beautiful. I hope it gets more functions...
This face made me write its review. Excellent job by dev! Best aviator face available on play store.
Nicest analogue face I have used so far.  I look forward to the new upcoming settings that have been mentioned.
I in stalled it and it showed right up and was very easy to use it looks nice and smooth
Easy to read, effective, clean, clear, and best ambient mode, cause is not that "diluted" in ambient, and retain 90% of it looks.
Beautiful simple and functional. Would like the addition of choosing how long the seconds hand stays on the screen. Maybe in a future enhancement?
Works very well with ambient display turned on.
Considering this watch face is from a hobby programmer, I am deeply impressed! It's "beauty" is it's simplicity.
Amazing on the 360 Sport. Job well done!
This face is simple and easy to read, just as any aviator face should be. Very happy.
Simple light no bloat. Maybe add more colors but that's a wants as is works good
Very good simple design. I'd like to see a white faced version, too.
Just found out about this watch face, love it!
Best I have seen in a while, only watch face I need
I never write reviews. Never. Excellent canvas top face. Keep up the good work.
Really clean and crisp display, selectable colour insert, just the ticket!
Love the high contrast, perfect for amoled displays like my zenwatch 3
Beautifully designed watch face, with lots of details, many thanks!
Simple but elegant and one of the best watch faces I've downloaded
Would be nice to have more options.
Perfect, has all you need nothing you don't. Love it
Tried many. Like this one.
Readable and classic looking. A new favourite
Simple and yet beautiful, love it very much
Awesome! Would be even better with a square watch option.
Haute Horlogerie
Quick and easy, looks great. Asus Zenwatch 2
Like everyone else, it crashes and I can't change any settings. Also, it won't sync data with android wear, so it is more or less useless (does still display the time...so not completely useless as a watch face, lol). Have to uninstall....
No way to change settings as the app crashes.   Also likes to send notifications to Android wear that pops up, gets annoying.   I uninstalled within ten minutes
no settings menus on watch, watch face crashes when using settings on wear app on the phone, always on display needs to be more minimal
Can't send settings to device as it says check connection, when everything is connected?
Keeps saying to check internet connection so I cannot update the settings. Useless.
Keeps crashing when opening settings to configure... Why!
Just keeps crashing and doesn't sync with my lg watch urbane.
The settings app always crashes. Do not install.
Looks nice, but it's useless because it always crashes.
But crashes
Settings?
Looks nice, but all of the (weather etc.) information is wrong. If this is intended as a demo of the full version, it shows off the styling well (although you can't change any of the settings). If it's meant to be a limited but usable watch face, it fails terribly due to the incorrect info (and puts me off from wanting to buy the full version as I'm not sure whether it will have the same problem).
Bought paid version and settings did not unlock. No support in app. Tried buying twice with same result. Thankfully I was able to refund. Will be wary of any apps from this developer! 😠
Bought it from the store expecting a fully functioning app. This gives you access to one menu. Every subsequent menu and level of customization you have to pay for and end up having to pay $10 for a watch face. Total rip off and misleading.
Liked the look, tries going with the paid pro.  Can't change colors or any settings.  I feel ripped off. It toggles then when you hit send to watch nothing happens.
The weather displays 26*C, when it's actually 6*C. It's a really big difference, I don't know if the weather is not working, or if it's telling the weather of another location, which I cannot change apparently.
Why pay for an official app when you can't get the preview app working.
Tried syncing and resetting.. Still nothing.
It's showing incorrect time: 02:45 instead of 14:45 or even this stupid 02:45 PM. Settings aren't available "buy pro versions":(
All settings require in-app purchase.
Not showing on watch and Android wear companion app -_-
Doesn't work at all. Causes android wear to crash.
Forces shut down.
Nice but needs customization and its not 00 degrees its 79....
It crashed on every start
if i choose setting it ark me report or close
Droid turbo
Not working
Crash constantly
Watch face.
So gooood
Good
Free version is useless. ANY setting change attempt pops up bubble to buy pro version.
Can't get into settings, always crashes.
Like it but I need imperial measurements. I don't want to convert in my head.
Really, why even offer it in the US without a FREE Fahrenheit option,
Try it
Cool thanks
Hate my connected as it was sold to me on a lie (sabrina).  Avoid  buying from the "flagship" store in Pitt Street mall Sydney.
You can't actually do anything more than chosing your watchface, something you can do with the android wear app by default.
Awesome watch. Though it's a wear 2.0 but it is really nice. The apps are interactive  No complaint.
Useless. I own a Tag Heuer Connect 45. After the update, "Alway On" watch face change to basic style which look cheap. Please provide instructions to revert this useless update.
This use to be wonderful with connected 46 but when connected 45 launched the watch face become limited can't find the old watch and there is one more issue every time i open the app it ask me to register again there is one  more  thing  that watch face is not available  any more  for conneced 46 what  is the reason
I also own a connected 45, why do you throw away my watch details every time you upgrade the app. Also why do you forget my login details every time you upgrade - this is not the type of security I need for my bank account. Just make it easier to use!
Doesn't open on my phone now. Restarted phone and reinstalled the app. I expect more from TAG to be honest. It's not like it's a £20 watch!!!
the watch hangs two three time a week.. it's embarrassing & frustrating . now i'm carrying a back up watch in case this watch hangs..   Not worth the money..
You have to update your watch by opening the tag heuer connected app on your watch. Search using your playstore on the watch
Working only with Tag Heuer watch
hard to connect
Best app
The app is asking me to update my watch before it will open but my watch is upto date. Disappointing
The app says it won't run unless I update my watch software.  My watch says it's up to date..... .
Won't work. Keeps telling my watch needs updating but is already updated
Would be the best app if it included more faces or timely release of new faces and then no need to look at other app for watch faces.
Saved faces all black
Super
Awsome smartwatch
Screen is too dark when brightness is set to auto. Not happy with purchase.
Cannot connect
Not happy with the lack of colour choices on the face that allows android wear widgets.
Looks like this update is for the new connected 2, ive lost half my watch faces and cant get any of the new ones thanks Tag Heuer
Just downloaded latest update with interactive themes but only uploads standard custom one to watch. Sort it out please. 👍
Doesn't connect
Had high hopes for update but functionally still lacking and added strange behavior.  1) swiping Left and Right on watch face automatically provides switching face = VERY poor (switching faces should only we done by first long press face then swipe to select)  2) saving apps as favorites puts them at top but can reorder them once they are there 3) still can't long press side button to "power down". 4) instead of auto swiping face and allowing to change face... should be swipe one way for favorite apps and swipe the other for all apps.
The update has removed some good features from the original Connected e.g no more themed face with stopwatch progress bar around the bezel and the interactive face just doesn't cut it. Doesn't show any live information on the timer or stopwatch without being set to the specific face for those... If there is a way to revert to the version just before the update, please let me know. I appreciate you letting me know how to access the ambassador faces again, but you addressed none of my other concerns. Could you please let me know how to get the themed with time face back with the progress bar? Or how to make the interactive face do the same and update the widgets on a live basis? Or accept a call from the watch rather than only having the option to reject?
Update to Wear 2.0 messed all up. I cannot copy my google account to my watch, it always says my password is wrong during copy process on my phone however i am 100% sure i provide correct password (i specially checked it via logging in in browser). And while i cannot copy account I dont see some of my apps and cannot install Tag Heuer Ambassador watch faces.
Woohoo... Finally received new software update on 02/04/17. The feature to create new watch faces is awesome & feels like you have a brand new watch. Please NOTE: Software did not update automatically - Go to watch settings & search for software updates. Enjoy 😃
Why is interactive themes so poor? Black hands on a black background or white hands on a white background the only choices. Good luck reading the time in daylight.
After updating my Connected (1st generation) to Android Wear 2.0 we get treated to all the amazing watchfaces created for the Connected Modular 45 and the TAG Heuer Studio! Thank you very much TAG Heuer! It is like having a brand new watch and for us, TAG Heuer customers, the single best feature to receive with the Wear 2.0 update! Only two minor issues; it would be nice to have back some Ambassador watchfaces that disappeared, or at least some more abstract digital watchfaces for the times we feel like having a more digital and less analogue style; and the app asks for logging in every time I fire it up. Please fix it, it is annoying to have to log in every single time.
I don't see any of the new faces or the watch face studio.  I can only assume that they are not backwards compatible with the original Connected.  Way to reward early adopters.
Got the new version, which is good and new faces. BUT where is my favourite face gone: Themed with Time, where I could see stopwatch progress (or count down progress)  in the small windows as well as the very useful green circular bar at the Bezel/hands showing progress? The interactive theme does not have this. Please bring it back!
That's more like it.... once you finally treat your existing customers the same as wooing new ones - bingo! Great app... new faces and studio perect. Like having a new watch!
No update yet and its 3 april... any comment? An angry tag heuer 46mm owner.
Watch faces have gone and reverts to a Google face...black face Chrono face no longer appears.  This is crap.
After update, only 3 standard watch faces available.  All other special watch face disappeared.  Do NOT update to this version.
Just received the Modular 45 for my birthday and loving the options for faces. One face I don't see is the Formula 1 (or am I missing it) or Autavia. Would like to see some of the classic faces. Thanks fort the info on how to install the Ambassador faces!
Updated the Ambassador watch faces via the watch. Go to Google play on watch, search Ambassador. Install. Open. Very convoluted!!
Android Wear 2.0 just arrived on my Connected. Amazing. The Tag app is super. All I am missing are the Ambassadors. Will they be coming back?
Beautiful looking face! Would like to see further options for customization of the dials and colors.
Please give us the option for full colored ambient mode.
It looks great and is high resolution!
A really nice watch face. My one issue is that in ambient mode it cab be a little hard to read the hands/dials when they overlap, but I'm unsure how you'd fix that.
Beautiful watch face by a great dev, just wish it was on watchmaker so I could tweak it exactly to my liking... But then again I'm annoyingly OCD about little details
Really cool watchface. I was looking for something new for my watch and here it is. This makes my watch look very real (non-smartwatch) and authentic. I think I will be using this for a while.
Any chance to add color changing options for second hand and 00 /30?
I like this and will be using it for awhile.
I love this watchface, feels incredible detailed and real!
Looks great on a Huawei Watch!
Really good looking watchface.
Would love an inverted color scheme for this one.
Classy, and free
Klasse!
I love the railway second hand delay like the real railway clock. The style could be a bit closer to the one on facerepo.
Ambience mode offers several options. However sometimes too pixelized. Drains the battery much  faster then Standart watch faces (10h).
I used to have this watch face for LG g r and loved it but now I have the Gear s2 and I can't seem to find any settings or any way to bring the digital time to 12hr format. Any help would be freely appreciated. Will change to 5 stars once fixed.
Looks super on my watch. My new favorite! I have the app swapp that dims the screen down in ambient mode and allows so many of these watch faces that looked washed out on my G WATCH R to now look amazing!
Power display is wrong on lg watch urbane
Have a Samsung note3 and moto 360 and works great
Materialize the design
Love the Android Wear integration. Please consider removing the decimal points for the ticker complications. It makes the text very small and the decimals are insignificant.
I like the app very much, I only use the complication and it does the job. However I guess it's updating too often because the battery does not last throughout the day anymore. Can you please add an option to modify the update rate of the complication? Thank you!
Hey man, love it so far. Thank you for adding TRAC! However, I now have problems with Oyster Pearl (PRL), it seems to be removed?
Hey there! I'm loving this app! Just what I needed, thank you for writing it.  One request - if possible, could you please increase (or offer an option) the font size of the complications on the watch face? The numbers are extremely tiny and my eyesight isn't what is used to be :) (Huawei Watch)  Great app! A+!
All coins are listed in dollar on the watch app, any way to change this to euro?
Only good for the watch widgets, there are better portfolio apps out there
Works really well on Huawei Watch 2. Thanks. Latest update makes this app perfect!
Love this app! I had to download the app separatly on my watch playstore. Developper was kind enough to explain it. Just what I was looking for. Clean and simple. Good job!
I suddenly can't load the Market Cap app anymore..
Like the app, I'm still on AW1 Sony watch.  Is it possible to adjust the layout so the time is at top and price at bottom without the diagonal divide.  It would make the font bigger on my watch and easier to read.
Good app but there doesn't seem to be a way to only see your portfolio on the watch app - you can only see all currencies. Would be 5 stars if that feature were available.
Really lame all the alt coins on other tracking apps are not here.
Very nice watch face and complications. Would love to be able to add Icon too, which is on binance.
Great app, let's me track different crypto prices at a glance (up to three at the same time), and see my crypto net worth.
Looks great but please add binance exchange and also POE currency please.
Top 100 On My SMART WATCH
Simple and amazing!
Looks good. On the watch there is no bittrex exchange, only on the mobile app.   I would loved to see bitb/bean as I hodl that as well.  Good job guys....
Would have been 5 stars if it had bitfinex as exchange.
Needs an option for a 12 hour clock
Amaziiinnngggg but can we fix some pairings and add ETH x Coin pairs from Bittrex? I don't use Bitcoin to trade and it's frustrating this lack. Will still rate 5 stars because it's made me money on trades!
Awesome app, looks great and performs great, only con is no 12hr time format Edit: Short time after this 12hr format is added. Love this developer!
Brilliant app with a super-reponsive, friendly, and helpful developer. A great purchase. Thanks Rob!
This app is great. I have been looking for an app that has the ability to show the time AND the price of Bitcoin or many other cryptocurrencies. You can also add up to two complications like the date and how many steps you've taken or even another cryptocurrency's price! I had a problem when first installing this app and I contacted the support email and he got back to me within a few minutes and totally resolved my issue. Totally worth the money!
Nice default watchface, with great complications and a nice portfolio option make it very useful. Great support from author too!
Great app, can we get a black theme color?
Does the app support samsung gear 2 watch?
Great App!! Would love for you to add Hempcoin, Cannacoin, and Pinkcoin if possible!! Thanks!!!
Awesome. Everything you might need and more!
Nice widgets etc. Localisation isn't fantastic though, any time you set something up you need to tell it what currency symbol you want instead of remembering it. Also when I click a widget it shows my coins. If I click that to see the graphs these default to USD or BTC. I wish it had GBP...
Can you add VertCoin? its my main coin.  Thanks... 5 starts in advance !  :)
Nice clean app. Like seeing all my crypto in one place without going through coin market cap and adding them up. Since you only list the first 100 coins I couldn't add cloakcoin. Maybe a line in portfolio with 'unlisted' or something where I can put us dollars and coins not on list would be nice.
Clean app but cant alter portfolio which is kinda stupid...
Solid app, this was the only app out there that gave me what I needed, additionally the developer is very nice and helpful
The app creator had been very helpful and responsive with all problems and inquiries I've made. It sounds like he's planning on adding many features and is open to getting feedback on what might be useful in the app. The features are little limited as of now (especially in Android Wear 1) but it sounds like more are coming and I think this app has a ton of potential.
The developer for this app is responsive and listens to input. The app is solid and the watchface is clean and simple.
Didn't work for me and now I can't refund.
Great app! And Chance you can update the the coins? Antshares isn't known as antshares anymore and is now known as neo. When I try to put antshares (neo) as a primary coin for my watch it doesn't load ;(
Over all , it's great app. One thing I would love to see added later is a dark theme for the  the interface.
This is my go-to watch face.  The ambient screen is just right, which is make or break for me. I wish the actual date could be added instead of just the month.  Thanks
Love how this face looks on my Moto 360! Month of the year isn't very useful, though; an option for day of the month would be much appreciated.
Great watch face. Any way to hide the app from the app drawer. I have a few of your watch faces and they are crowding the drawer
I think its expensive.... But i do really love the look. Gj on being simple & original. PLEASE add a step counter into this watch face.
Very poor battery life on my Moto 360 1st generation. Down to 35% battery with about 5 hours of very little use. Uninstalled.
This watch face never shows up on my moto 360 sport no matter what I do
It worked when i first got it now it doesnt
Looks great, settings are easy, can't ask for much else.
Love the ambient face.  Thanks for a great effort.
👎🖕poooooooooor
Works great with my smart watch!!!!
It's good but I don't use ambient  mode  but when I look at my watch there is a delay.  I see black and white clock first  and then I see the regular one.  Is there any way to disable it? Please fix
i cant pick any different colors the app always crashes. and also the phone battery percentage doesn't work, it always shows 0%
I had to update my watch now I cant get this this face to work eith it anymore.
This app works nice on my LG smart watch. No problems, the app works well. Hey isn't that what apps are supposed to do?
Absolutely brilliant.  Love the fact  that you can personalise it. It works instantly with my smart watch huawai.
What's not to like!
Love love love the colors & new updates!
Awso
I'm loving the new update, it makes my LG Watch Urbane all the more cooler! My only gripe is although the new font looks kinda nice I liked the old one a little bit more, so maybe include an option to switch between the two. Other than that this face is perfect!
Moto 360 doesn't update watch face when edited, does not update settings on watch just says "loading..." On all settings.
Love how the neon colors pop! Looks great!! Wish I had the option to have a small digital time in the watch face as well.
Beautiful superb watch face great job thanks.
Probably the best watch face out there right now but if you could add in the numbers at the sides it would be perfect
Doesn't even work and I tried all the stupid instructions
No more push notifications, though, or I'll be back with 1 star.
Looks good.
One of my favorites for using at night!
Maciej, keep up the excellent work. If I had the chance to ask for anything it would be to be able to change the color by RGB or HEX code. Awesome face though. Thank you
If I like your watchface, I'll use the link you provide in the app to look at more of yours. I don't want to receive a notification for a "new face" that came out over a month ago. Uninstalled and 1-starred.
1 star because you use push notifications for ads to other products. I am also reporting you to google for this. I paid for this so I can have a watch face. This is an insult to my work
Love the colors simple and awesome, just like I like it! New updates are cool watch face eats battery like pac man on pills!
I like the watch face. No need to spam with push message when you release a new face though. 2 stars for the message.
The colors really pop, which certainly makes the watch look great. I have an Asus ZenWatch, so it is square, and I do have to echo a prior reviewers comment about it looking a little strange on the Square face. Perhaps introducing not only the option to change colors, but also change the clock outline to square or circle, user choice. I think that would be awesome. Also, adding the date would be great, too. Both improvements would make it 5 stars for me. Keep up the good work!
This is one of my favorite watch faces by far. It looks even better than in the pictures. I bought it for what it was, and have no regrets. I would however, like to add an option for date, and perhaps a few other colors like yellow, gold, black (inverted version of white), or light pink (gf needs a color too.) Even without those though, this is a 5 star purchase.
The pictures in Google Play made me believe this was a great app. However,  after purchasing the app, it never appeared in my phone or Moto 360 device. I Uninstalled it and reinstalled it, and the same thing happened. I would love to use this app.
I wish that black was a true black. I have the G watch R and it has the P-OLED and not a LCD display and it should be producing black pixels as in turned off. But instead it shows a hint of gray on the watch increasing battery drain. Could you possibly fix this for all OLED displays? Thanks!
Call me picky, but this face would look great squarified on the square watches! :-) just my two cents.... Edit! Also, there is a pixel wide line going across the bottom of my screen that moves with the glow..:\
Why is there grey on the watch face? On an oled screen anything besides black is going to drain battery which is a big problem for a small battery
It's a good concept, but not looking good on a square watch. Also, has an annoying bug with a line at the bottom that randomly moves. Slight line, but annoying.
Love it would have given 5 stars just a shame about that wee line moving across the bottom.  Aware developer is looking into it. Hope there is a fix soon
Can you please change the Watchface larger in ambient mode. It's look quite small on my LG gwatch r.
It seems the watch face drains a lot more battery then the built in watch faces. I have a Moto 360 and it doesn't make it though the day with this face. With the minimal watch face, I'm left with 30% at the end of the day.
Also I appreciate the fact it doesn't add anything to my app drawer.
It would be great if the text (the time) could stay in the middle, in between the end and the start of the line that goes all the way around.
thanks...cool thanks dev
Works now.
On changing from dimmed mode to active mode, the seconds circle does not move. Only after sliding right/left or opening any app, the seconds circle starts moving. Otherwise a nice looking watch face
I like how minimal you can make it, but I have some Ideas for future options: Make a switch to turn the text in the circles on/off, Add settings for ambient mode (I can't find any), maybe add an option to completely disable a circle (I personally only need/use 2)
Thanks
fine लव्स it
Ambient mode shows watch battery percent but when lit up does not show anything on bottom.
I have updated to 5.0.1. But this watch face is still no way can be found in my Sony SmartWatch 3.
I love my nail polish so this is great
Awesome
Love it!
Cool
For three nights, each attempt to sleep has brought you starting from your bed in fright, with no memory of what horrified you so.                               With a sickening sense of deja vu, you begin to dream. You try to wake, but tonight the ghostly eyes captivate you.  "Treachery and doom!  My brother would unleash a great evil upon us. Britannia is in peril!"
Looks pretty, but since the time is at the bottom it gets covered up by the notification shade which often appears there. Of this could be fixed, this would be my default watch face. As it is now, I cannot use it because I am unable to glance at the time without using a hand which undoes the whole purpose of a watch. If this is changed I will redo this review. Thanks.
Overall I love the nostalgia but I much prefer a 12 hour clock cycle. Any plans to add it in? I don't see any settings associated with the watch face yet so I'm assuming it's 24 hour only right now.
Won't change or if 24hr mode.
Really cool colors and design. I wish it could be adapted to square watches, too, plus a battery indicator would be nice.  Also, I noticed a significant battery drain when using it on my watch (Smartwatch 3), mainly with the screen always on (compared to other calendar-enabled watch faces with screen on).
A very pretty watch face. Has a problem with rtl events. I would also like to see current event in digital mode and current event's start time on the arc (not just remaining).
Not sure if it's a wear problem, or this app, but temperature will revert to Celsius occasionally... Also, i wish all the weather and calendar stuff showed in the same face.  But still, a great watch face.
Weather face is useless, does not show any weather details. Rest is good. needs a background that can give it a 3D kind of look rather than the vanila flat background.
Has all the relevant info you might need, with the exception of notifications (nudge nudge, wink wink, say no more say no more)
Worked great on my Gear S2 as watcher. Cant even get it to work on the Gear S2 and they removed the watcher program.  Worthless app for Gear2.
There's a number of watch faces that have analog indicators of upcoming events. This one does a very nice job of displaying these stylishly and clearly, and overall looks like a smart and professional face.
Would be great if you all could add ability to see steps. For me linked to google fit. Much appreciated.
Please, needed support on gearS NEO again.. I installed this app but it does not interact with old Watcher app anymore! Will you make this tizen app again?
It would be good to have the watch battery level displayed. And maybe include the wind as well in the weather face (somehow!)
The best watch face I had, pretty convenient, gets you the right information right in time. It makes my watch really smart.
Really great and functional watch face. Would be even better if it allowed for more customization!
It's look like watcher on tizen os, the watch face i like most. Tks u.
Everything is in the right position
I can't get my calendar
Nice design. Hourly weather forecasts are really useful.
hieno toteutus,  suosittelen!
I wish I could change color in background.
Exactly the watch face I have been looking for!
Nice looking face
Cool watch face
To change watch face you'll need Android Wear 1.3 (or later) on watch.
Looks OK, leaves an app stub in the drawer which I find annoying.
Tried to change watch face but it always back to default face...
android wear app states there is a settings app available for this face but just brings back to face download...a settings app is a great idea for all watch faces! Time out settings, date, etc...
Uses 27% of battery,, according to Battery Mix. Had to put watch on the charger twice today. Attractive design.
And I'd pay to get customization options.
It was my fav watch face. I had to return my Moto 360 and I got Asus Zenwatch instead. Any chance of a square version of this for my new watch? Would love to use it again.
After a few months of use, the watchface is still not working on my watch. It keeps on force closing immediately after applying it. I am using a nexus 5 and LG g watch. Especially a bummer since I paid money for this app
Crashes every time I apply the watchface on my Huawei Watch. Please help!
Love the design and functionality, but the watchface doesn't automatically update the calendar data, seems to be stuck on the same day/event.
Try it out and see for yourself...
Love the concept but it doesn't work.
Allow me to change the color of the Clock hands! That'd be nice!
It's still a bit rough but have potential to become a top watch face for me. Would be nice with more options such as hide numbers, thickness of lines and smoother graphics.
Just the thing, keeps me on top of my appointments.
Hello, looks like a great app but its crashes continuously after selecting it. Sorry I could not use it at all. Fix it and I will buy it again. Thanks.
Really good idea.  Unfortunately font is too small for me.
I really wish it worked on my phone, Im a big fan of Dwarf Fortress and would love this, but it doesnt work as a background, sadly.
Can't set it as a wallpaper.
Great watch face!
Great craftsdwarfship
It's a fun little watch face.
Innovation and Dedication all the way! Hopefully those light-loving elves don't show up trying to trade! 10/10 would brew again!
Don't know whether its just not compatible with my phone or it just doesn't work on my phone, but I can't even find it in my data anywhere. I am a serious DF fan and it offends me that I can't use this app.
Dark background so it's good on AMOLED screens. Overall a good design. Thanks for making this.
It seems to save an .apk file where the wallpaper should be. Can't be installed, it simply gives me another .apk. At no time does the wallpaper show up in my live wallpaper list. :( too bad, seemed cool.
If there becomes a live wallpaper, I will totally get it! Thanks for making awesome things!
The app doesn't do anything, comes with basically nothing,  you have to goto your website and sign up and then sign in which is down. It's been on the app store for 4 months, just remove it and start over when you have the time to actually work on it.
Doesn't do absolutely nothing
Waited my download, this does sweet f a
Love it, looks and works great. Thanks for the great work!
Tried everything. I can't find the widget
Unique watch face. Thank you for the free app sale.
Installed it and no icon to open it...scam?
Great looking watch face
Really good idea, but needs option to mirror the discs and rotation for people that want it to go the other way.
What a waste. Sucks!!
Neat and lovely design.
Keep crashing
Crash...
Doesn't work at all-can't even change C to F
Good
Looks so clean!
Nice simple minimalist watchface. Very battery friendly as well.
Listed as an option for S2. After purchase it became clear that it is not.
Phone battery doesn't synch; turbo 2 and moto 360; fixed battery issue
Love your watch faces but it would be great to be able change the dials to other things like another time zone or temperature etc.
These are some of the best watchfaces you can get for AW smartwatches. I'd give 5 stars but, I don't think the Hud watchface's ambient mode is burn in safe since the digital clock font is 'fill' type instead of outline. I suggest you take a look at this
Well-designed, fairly simple watch faces. Would be great if we could actually select the colors for the faces that constantly change color.
Great collection of well thought out and designed faces, instantly growing your collection with usable options, not tat.
Some of the best watch faces for Android wear. Well designed and clean.
Some really lovely faces, simple and elegant designs.
Earlier versions lacked flexibility in options. Much more functional watch faces that are well designed.
Lovely watch faces and a for free. Got to be worth giving author five stars.
The custom data option is great! + The watchfaces are extremely well designed.
Thanks ! USTWO is always the best!
Great, awesome. Beautiful
Makes watch attractive.
Coolest app ever
Good face watch
Ah
I love it
sooo cool
Good
Does not show up in my watchfaces after android wear 2 update.  Edit -   Yes, how un userfriendly doing all of those actions on a tiny screen! But your watchfaces are now installed and I love them :) Thx!
I love the watch faces on this app! Unfortunately, I can't use them. When I install the app I can see the faces on my watch for a minute, then they disappear. I'm using a moto 360. Please help!
These are wonderful, clean and stylish watch faces. Why only 4 stars? Unfortunately peek cards are not visible in ambient mode, this should be configurable!
If this app doesn't show in your Android Wear app and your watch. Try to reinstall it, it showed up for me after reinstalling.
Can't find  the faces in the Android Wear app. Not appearing under MORE. Using Gear Live watch with Galaxy S7 phone.
Just wish there was an option to make the cards smaller. Using the invert face.
Watch Faces are great. My favorite is the invert face. Is there anyway you can make a garnet and black one??
I really don't have a watch that's why ı give my stars ..  I'm just want know that can ı use this for gear s3 classic one ? Or its just for moto 360 and others ?
I have used each and every watch face on my Asus zenwatch 2. It works just fine..
I can't find watch faces in my wear app. It can be seen in wear but not in app and I mean not in the more watch faces also.....please help
It's not my style but definitely lots of enjoyable faces
After installing the application nothing appears
Downloaded this app to my phone and it's not showing up on my home menu and I can't find it anywhere. Kind of suspicious to me...
How do I use it on my watch? The app nor the watch face pop up on my phone, gear manager app, or my watch. Please help me out here. Thanks
How hard can it be to make an app easy to use. Despite the reply to several other queries I can't find any of your watch faces.  Giving up
Very nice for free!  Love some of the styles. Interactive cour changing too!
So many new watch faces and they are all really cool. Thank you!
Your app Doesn't appear in my phone ..and also can't open the app in settings  .. Why?  Pls.  help
Just got a moto 360 and none of the watch faces are showing up in the watch faces page
What are with these patch notes, programmer letting there creative writing hobbies flourish at work?
can see your watch face in Android wear my faces option
Lots of standard nice looking watch faces on a small app
Can't see the app in app drawer
Downloaded this and it just doesn't hope and work on my huawei phone and smartwatch, waste of money, won't allow me to get a refund
I love this watch face and I love the multitude of settings as I do on all of your watches.
Love the Feminine looks of these watch faces.  You can change them to match your outfit
Difficult to use.
Nice design and attention to detail by a great team.  Lots of customization options you can create so many different looks.
I like it.   Would like the option to change the text on the watch face to either custom text or blank.
Can you please add an 12 hours mode?
Awesome!
Nice
Lags too much and logo should be removed
Great customizability, one problem though - you have to have the watch on for the settings to take effect, this is also valid for ambient mod. Secondly - the battery indicator isn't as customizable and it shows. You can't select percentage only, can't change size or font, you can't move it.... The watch face and app also crash occasionally, wound up having a black screen as a watch face once. Using this on a moto 360 1. If these things get fixed I give it a 5 :)
I thought the purpose of this was tip create a custom watch face for my watch, not create a watch face that can only be viewed in the app, basically pointless.
A nice, simple face.  You can ever set the second hand's color.
It used to be my favorite sport app but it's not anymore cause the "alert" option isn't available anymore so bad cause while working I didn't miss any score cause this app used to update me every minute. If you guys could fix that I would consider to rate it 5 stars. Meanwhile I am using another one (all football) which notifies me live scores. Thanks keep up the great work!
It's pretty good. It has a lot of competitions and leagues available to be viewed. The only thing I'd like to request is the news being shown chronologically instead of the top news being on top. The "latest" section is not in chronological order too.
Rated it one star and uninstalled immediately just because it has a  abusive advertisement which needs to be fixed ASAP. Without a doubt it gives update on point. But "hypstar" app Ad is bothering and INTOLERABLE. Highly abusive content. Please look into the matter.
I am upset since my transfer doesn't get updated and it says teams are interested players only in in loan this is ridiculous
The live telecast is working no more. It makes me kind of hate this app now.
It's a good, user friendly app, you can  follow matches live!
Good, but no details or information under the GFA League(Gambia), that's the only problem if not it's up like 7...
It's ok but l would be more excited if you add the country's name's to their flags to make my search easier.
This is a really good app but can you fix the matches widget bug where it turns blank and you have to re-add the widget. Thnx.
Remove ads otherwise good app
good.but l want the France version
Disturbing ads most of the time
The app is really good. But you should display the match ratings of the players after the match. Everything else is superb otherwise.
It's great but lots of ads
It's amazing...keep it it up with the work.....u have really helped me win my bets in betway
Please include player stats and ratings after every match.it's very neccesary
Aplikasinya bagus. Lengkap banget. Tapi sayangnya kebanyakan iklan. Please clear add ons
Its a besst apps alltime
Amazing but the Add make some distance.  Its so easy to use. Thanks from Pakistan
no myanmar language zawrgyi font
This app is very good n easy to use....
i say you very thank you
ONE THOUSAND STARS.super app. 🌟
Good app but need to fix alot of bugs!!!
The app is great,because it help alot
I think it's special
It will be good me to find and be updated about soccer
Awesome, I highly recommend this this App . Please download it 👍👍👍
I really like this app ,worked 100%
Incredible finally something keeps me informed.
Now this app is awesome I like indeed 😎
The best application I've come across
This app is so cool I love it
Best game to inform you about games played
Nice application
I love this app
That's really good apps for me
Full of  adds
Very cool and up to date
The app has relevant information
Would be better with black background around perimeter on square watches.  The white really takes away from the effect.
It works, its free, its great. Never pay for watch faces.

Loved
I always seem to come back to this one. Excellent ambient mode in green.
Notice it drains the watch battery fast. like the design.
Love the look and added to my collection.
I downloaded the app and the app didn't even come up with my other apps so I waited 20 seconds and switched off my tablet for 20 seconds and nothing happened Nothing came up and it's just a waste of time
I love the fact that I can see my favorite symbols when ever I go to check the time! Just one question... I can't find it anywhere in my phone!
How do u work it if I get a reply I will download it again but if not I'm uninstalling it
I love it but I wish we could customise parts of it or make it a digital instead of an analog
I downloaded it, but I have no idea how to put it as a watch face on my Gear. Please help!!!
Couldn't find it anywhere. Checked comments. Others can't either. No help provided. No thanks. This does not work like magic.
Where i can find the clock? Its confusing 😓
Please
Cannot see it on mobile or watch. Useless.
I don't know how to used it can you help me???😣😣
Don't know how to work it
Lol I download it on my phone now now do I get the clock?
How the hell can I use it?
Its good but i cant find it anywere on my tablet
Can you help me?? How can I use it?? If you know please reply asap.
I like this lots
Look , its good but how do you use it ?
It's amazing
Downloaded the app and had no option to open it. Couldn't find the app anywhere on my phone. Just a waste of space cause it's nothing!!!
Awesome app but the thing is that it takes a really long time to download it. I had to wait for at least a hour for it to download.
'Cause I couldn't figure that out
Don't know how to use it..Waste of space in phone.
I'm an hp fan so I really stuff like this! Just wishing that the face of the real characters would be used instead:)
I loved it so so much❤❤👌
Wut
Pointless
Absolutely gorgeous, and love the customization options.  Keep it up!  My only wish is that there were separate options to customize ambient mode.  I would prefer ambient to look like the image above labelled ambient or the minimal one, instead of the same as active in black & white.  Also, the temperature is lower on watch and hangs partly out of the window.
Instead of the nice trapizoid shaped weather "window", I just get some random 9-digit number that is all over the place and totally messing up the nice design. Unfortunately it took me too freakin' long to get the face to appear on my watch in the first place that I could not get a refund anymore. This really sucks!
Weather bubble incomplete on moto 360.
It there anyway of making it stay on longer than a few seconds it switches off or onto ambient after 5 seconds ??
Looks bad on Moto 360 (2015) when Always on. Low Bit Ambient Mode seemingly unsupported.
This watch face is so imaginative. I love it. It's so simple to change the setting. I've gone and downloaded all of the watch faces cause they all look fab.
Weather won't even show up on watch face, at all.
Probably will hang on to this one for a bit for sure.  Very original.
As always. great design.  mind to request for phone battery widget alao.  thanks👍👍👍👍👍
Looks great from Tha PHLASH again
Great watch face !
I just got excited from seeing this. Instabuy! When I bought it I got all the ladies and gents wanting a piece of the face. Both mine and the watch! You must buy nao!!!!
I paid for this watch face & It doesn't show up anywhere on my phone? Very frustrating!
I bought this face not just for the Awesomeness, but because the developer communicates with his customers and is awesome in himself. buy the face and show the apple watch freaks what they are missing!
I have seen and purchased 3 of the each faces from the Dev. All 3 are great this one being once  again a great peace of work. I can tell from using both of my watches there are no render issues or faults of any kind, real quality code and design.
Could be great, but why is it that the night setting, less details, changing the hands all don't work? Also the ambient mode is nothing like the picture.
I own a few watch faces by this designer and they are all outstanding. If you have a moto 360 you won't be disappointed..very impressed. Keep up the great designs m8..;) you might want to add a digital time at the 6 o'clock position with the same layout and colour as the weather at 12.& also might want to add phone battery % under watch one Would be the nuts!!!! ;) hope you could give it ago...? Very impressive so far.. ;)
Sweet watch face! Id like the ability to turn off the black and white ambient face and just have a dim version of the regular one. Also changing colors of the text for weather date and battery would be BA. Thanks for the design.
Had a problem initially. Developer responded...now resolved. Great support. Fabulous face. Looks great on my lg urbane.
Very nice face,can you increase the time it stays on say between 10 secs and 1 minute in increments of 10 please, also the hands in different colours would b nice thanks...
The style, the versatility, the effeciency... This thoughfull watchface seem to look at me !
Fantabulous watch face, now I have one for every day of the work week. No I'm not a dev, but I did purchase this watch.. 😂😂😂
One of the best faces out there, just would like to be able to change the text color for date and weather.
The love that when into creating this watch face is very obvious. Love all the options included in this one. Thanks Tha Phlash
I just got this watch face since I liked the NAVI and Station faces a lot, and the designer topped his best work with this! Please keep up the excellent work!!!
Almost perfect, but it would be amazing if you could put an option to change the second hand from a circle to a line or completely off. That would be amazing.
I've owned my g watch r all of 6 hours and I already know who my favorite watch face dev is.  Awesome stuff, dude
I love the style and the detail.  Slightissie with the settings on the watch, but using the settings through the wear app works.
Bought it for moto 360, works great! It would be nice to add step counter as well. Anyway, great job!
Worth the money, looks great, and from the comments, I see we have a devoted developer. Thank you
Especially on the Moto 360. How about an option to add display for phone battery? Or some other info to display at the bottom of the screen?
Tha PHLASH always makes the best stuff and this looks great on my ZenWatch.
I hope that you'll add an option to select screen on time.
Ready for blast off! :)
Looks slick as hell 💪
Perfect
Could you perhaps have an option to remove square from the watch face as mine is round, sorry my ocd can't handle it lol.
Epic! Fits perfect on moto 360! Already recommended to few friends :)
The 6 dial is cut off from moto 360 line.
Really love this face. Two things I'd like to see added...the ability to change the length of time full brightness is in, also think the option to have a smooth second hand would be nice.
I like this watch face, but it is not displaying my steps correctly. I can walk 200 steps and it will show up as well over 1000 steps. I can check my steps in Google fit and it displays correctly there. I think the face looks much better when Style Outline is checked. I wish the font was slightly bigger as it's a little hard to read. Access the settings for this  face via the Android Wear app.
One of the few digital faces that show the digital seconds; my reason for getting it.   The font could be heavier for more easy readability.  Color selection is off.  What shows as yellow in photos and on selection screen in AndroidWear App shows as orange on the actual watch face.   I think my usual face will still be Glance on my Zenwatch 2 (this is the Glance face that came with the Zenwatch software). Only if I need seconds display will I use this or another digital seconds face.
I cannot find the app on my phone..says it is installed...it is no where
I have an Asus ZenWatch and I love the look and the color options, but wish the font on the square style faces was a little larger.
I only bought this to support Nathan and the team with their fantastic BCN work, but I'm very pleased with it. Thanks again guys!
Great face, though im having issues with it showing step data from Google Fit.
I don't use the fit app so I don't need to know my steps anyway I can change it
Hoe do you update steps???
Lobe its simplicity and detail
Great job......very smooth
The notifications block part of the bottom info. Very ugly. Sorry
Developer is quick to solve issues!  So far I like this watch face.  Nice simple design.
Great!
Font sizes are all too small, shame really
Seems easy on the battery and it's nice and visible and pretty customizable.
This is a really good watch face with the perfect amount of functionality. It took a few minutes more than other watch faces to show up in my list, but eventually it did.
This watch face looks great, however on my lg G watch R the p.m. symbol overlaps with the last digit of the time. Would be 5 stars if this was fixed! Edit: the pm issue was fixed in the last release so I'm updating my review to 5 stars.
If you can't get it to show up try this:  using my Nexus 5 and Sony Smart Watch 3: -uninstall and reinstall Android wear on phone - uninstall and reinstall LCD Colors Watchface - on phone - go to settings -  app settings and permissions and allow calendar and location for LCD Colors Watchface
Installed it, but I can't see it anywhere
Paid for and downloaded it, but it doesn't show up on my phone or on my watch
I really enjoy the way it looks, and the features it has are very useful
I love it, I'd only rather not have the battery indicator always on
Simply amazing
Great... You can see a lot of thought went to it, very nice...
Just recently my battery drain became awful on my Sony SW3. Couldn't work out why. Changed the watch face to a stock Sony face and I am back to 2 days rather than 6 hours. Nothing changed on my end hardware wise. Its been since February. I just thought it was the battery gone bad. Turned out when I changed the watch face battery was fine.
The interface is pretty clunky for options and there is no control over what gets displayed in the details. Steps would be nicer than phone battery. Seems to suck the power from my phone and watch.
This watch face doesn't work with the new version of Android wear.
I like it but wish there was a way to change the time to ambient mode to something like 20 seconds.
Love it, it'll be nice for this app to show weather.
Like it very much.
Seems to be a watch battery drain.  Could do without the popups on the watch and phone battery, and the sunrise/sunset times.  But it's good, but could be so much more.  Edit:  developers updated app with one of my recommendations, and its alot better.  Thanks!
I love this watch face, but ambient mode shows almost nothing. It's too blank. Many other faces allow more detail from ambient mode and that's needed here. UPDATE: Dev added more info to ambient mode, so now it's FIVE STARS!! Definitely happy the devs listened and responded!!! 😊
This is the first time I have ever reviewed an app but I just had to say how amazing Paper Watch is!  Not only classy looking, but some really cool features as well!
Love the design. The blueprint background look gorgeous on my LG urbane. The ambient mode, whoever, is either too busy or too simple. Wish there is an intermediate level and shows hands and a few dots.
Company working through on issues with moto 360 2nd gen.  Top rate customer service! Love watch look
This is my go to watch face!
Nice
Was looking for a watch face which was practical, but not too manly. I don't wanna be a pilot! This one fits the bill perfectly. Love it! There are women that like smartwatches too! The developer is also very responsive to enquiries also. Win win!
I was skeptical but the various options all look great. Love the battery indicators. Well designed
That is fantastic! I am a new fan of ur app in China. Cool....Look forward for new updates.
Nmq
It currently says that it's August. The date settings on the phone are correct
Just got it on my new Moto 360,awesome!!! So cool and so clearance love the back too, something different keep up the great work, my favorite so far. Like the drag setting too . it's a keeper no refund here. Oh and seven faces too choose from!!!!
For some reason the the phone battery meter isn't functioning for me. I'm probably doing something wrong. But so far can't figure out why it isn't working. I'm using a Moto 360 and a moto nexus 6
I love this watch face!  It's minimal, yet stylish!  I initially had issues with the functionality, but Ceres responded quickly and decisively and published a fix.  They're awesome in my books!
I liked the look, but what convinced me to give it a try was the superb support from the manufacturer. Excellent. Oh, it works great, unobtrusive but visible, and it tracks both batteries well.
I love the watch face but it's not reflecting the correct phone battery status. It always shows the phone as dead when it's not. Moto X Gen 2 stock 5.1
I would have given this watch face five stars before the last Android wear update,  but since then the "hands" on the face don't seem to be in the right place.   I still like the app overall, just not quite 5 stars worth.  EDIT:  Yesterday's update fixed my issue.... and added in different background colors, so it's gone from a 4 to a 5.  Gotta love a responsive dev... thank you!
I love the look of this face.   Simple and nice looking.  The developer was also very responsive and helpful when I had a small glitch!
Updates time very slowly. But good looking.
The watch face dials are offcentered and so is the date. Looks really tacky and is dysfunctional. Upset that this is a paid watchface app.
I will recommend this app for anybody with an android watch


Spam in notifications.
Obviously inspired by popular pebble watchfaces, looks clean and appealing. Some minor bugs.
Wish I could show the date. Would like the ability to compress the minute line by five minute increments. It progresses by the second, but when the app goes into ambient, it jumps back to the second count, which makes it a bit of a jarring transition.
Interesting idea...looks cool on my Huawei Watch 2 Classic.
I don't get this app watch face installed on my Moto 360 sport  I wasted my money on it
A stunning design, but will not change customisations on my Ticwear2.
Not being able to download.
Love it! 😍
I enjoyed the style of this watch, but found it difficult to read. Might just be me, but it was hard adjusting to the position of the hours number so often - especially when glancing at my wrist, and when using the ambient display option (which moves the hours to the centre no matter what, then flicks them off to one side when the full face loads in). I appreciate the design though, well built companion app too.
Love that the minutes shift a few pixels to the left with each passing second (hours too, just much slower). For anyone interested, the black, white, yellow, and purple face colors have red dividing lines while the red, blue, pink, and green face colors have black dividing lines.
It says multiple face colors but it has no app or any way to change it. Edit: you change it in the android wear app. Its a great looking watch face. Awesome
I have to say this has become one of my favorite watch faces, and it looks great on my Moto 360! I love the attention to detail of moving the minute part ever so slightly one second at a time. You should do a variation of the Hop Picker watch face. Look up Spotlight watch face to see what I mean :)
This watch face is great! Nice simple design, no lag ever, and saves me so much battery! I get through a whole day with moderate use and easily have 70% of my battery left! I highly recommend!
Excellent watch face. Truly fantastic. Adding some color to the ambient display would be nice though. Keep the red for the vertical line. Overall fantastic job!
IMO best watchface for LG G Watch and square devices!
Very elegantly executed! Would like to customize highlight colour, and digit size please.
Looks great, but I would love to see animations between ambient mode and active
One of if not my favorite, works and fits perfectly on my black moto 360
What a wonderful watchface.. Love it!
Would line a few options though
Very cool design!
Nice
Could do with more options, digital display, watch and phone batteries etc
So great!
Superb.Looks great on my Huawei Watch 2 Sport
How do I use this thing? I have a Tag connected. I tried re syncing the apps on the android wear but laconic still does not come up as an option.
Sympathetic to the moto 360's flat tire, minimalistic and elegant.
Very well done...clean watch face and easy to read at a quick glance...excellent job!
Lovely, crisp design. Perfect for those who want something a little different and eye-catching.
Needs a couple more options.  Would be nice to be interactive.
something different...what I always wants to use for my 360... loving it..
Unfortunately didn't look too great on a circular watch face. I could suggest removal of the outer square... Potentially extending the internal lines. Maybe. Great concept though.
People think it's some alien / foreign / binary / geek code. But once you have that a-ha moment it's an immediately readable watch face
Stunning
One of the neatest apps I've ever seen! The developer is responsive and the new features are fun. This is the only widget that stays on my home screen year after year!
This is the one, of you need a 24 hour watch/clock widget for your home screen. It's great for reminding you how little daylight you have, in the winter. By default 12 is on top, which is the best design. You can switch it in the settings. You have to go to settings to make it read 0-24 instead of twice 1-12, around the dial.
A beautiful way to follow the time in different parts of the world. The developer has always been extremely helpful and takes care of his customers. I've owned the app for many years now and I still love it from the day I bought it. A little masterpiece.
Love this app. As a pilot I'm in need of knowing when sunrise and sunset is each day, plus this app is super fun to play with a the settings. Works fine on my nougat phone and lollipop tablet
A cool clock which allows you to see the solar highlights of the day visually. Nice to also see that the clock feature has got a new beautiful design. I wish there was physical wall clocks like it.
This is so beautiful, amazing and practical. I love wowing my friends & strangers with ,its  magic. Been a fan from the beginning. Thanks for such a wondrous app....instant perspective.
After a few such apps, this one now has my favourite 24-hour dial face. The wave-style one is neat, too.
Superb visual. I love the globe!
Amazing.  It's set as my live wallpaper on my phone.  I can see clouds over me from space... Has a clock type dial that shows the time, moon position and cycle, sunrise and sunset, etc.  Sitting on my phone display over the live wallpaper.  So cool. Can't remember if I had to buy this or not, but  worth at least 5 bucks.
This app remains on the 'main screen' of my phone.  I just love being able to see how much daylight I have left, whether there'll be moonlight, and just generally feel the analogue flow of a day.   This is especially useful for doing outdoorsy things - especially for keeping track when you need to be thinking about pitching your tent, because doing so in the dark is no fun.
This is an ingenious app! I have paid apps like Solunar, & tried the others. This is by far the best. I've had Terra Time for over a year & it's so good I had to come back to write this review.
Beautiful application. I wanted a clock with 24hrs to a circuit (I put a conventional digital clock on the other home screen).  This is perfect. Works well with: Oneplus Two "One A2003", Android 7.1.2, Lineage 14.1
I don't regret paying for this app at all. It has a lot of information which is displayed beautifully. An all around great app!
Great app, gives all the important data regarding sun, daylight length, and moon. Good visual representations. Could be improved for photographers by including the Blue and Yellow hours, perhaps.
Pretty good, lots of good features, but needs a flat world map daylight clock widget.
Wow. One of the first apps I have ever purchased back in 2010. Still use this app occasionally to check length of day change rate and stuff
This app used to have live weather clouds update but this feature is no longer available.the clouds have not been updated for several months.
This app is an awesome and excellent display of the earth during the day and night and seasons. I like it!
There are few bugs
Amazingly cool app. Subject to network and imagery quality issues, but these are rare. I have the map as my wallpaper, love it.  Six years later, I have to say, this app just keeps getting better. It's been on my must install list since day one. Highly recommend it as a clock, as a global weather map, as a world clock, and...well, you get the idea.  My one request would be, for the live wallpaper, to allow the earth to be moved to any part of the screen(s), not pinned in the center. I'd really like to be able to move it down to the lower left, sort of between the main screen and the adjacent one.
Bad frame rate. I have OnePlus 3T. Should easily get 60FPS. This lags like 20 FPS on my home screen wallpaper. Needs to be optimised. An option to adjust performance and battery savings will be great. An FPS slider too!
Please add gyroscope sensitivity levels in settings. The globe is oversensitive even to slight movements, which is less appealing visually. And it would be helpful if there is a guide to watch face settings. As for the rest of the app, absolutely loving it. 5 stars once it is fixed!
One of my favorite apps. I have been a fan of Sun terminator programs ever since the old DOS program GeoClock. The "Globe" view, "Map" view (showing Sun and Moon location) and the "Camera View (Beta)" that plots the path of the sun and moon are really useful features. The Clock and Clock widgets are well done allowing you to pick Classic, Material, or Wave views. I like the Wave view.
Great to see this app still being supported by the dev, also pleased to see the augmented sun / moon thing works well so thank you
This is a truly ingenious set of views and clocks.   The clocks are essentially interesting, the amount of astronomical information that's displayed with grace and apparent ease, set clocks above most interfaces.   I also enjoy the live wallpapers.
Absolutely great app. Just wish it had a watchface for Samsung Gear S2. It seems like this should be an easy feature for them to configure. Earn that last star!  ..prompt and well explained response earned the extra star!
I would love it much more if it had current location tide times and data too... It would fit well.
I purchased this app a long time ago and it's still working great!
I really love this app,but I cannot find the camera view mode.
Great app. It would be useful if it could display a graph for sunrise/sunset times etc. over a period of time.
Clouds never update. Disappointing.
This app is so much fun to use. I love the map wallpaper. Thanks guys for your program.
Live wallpaper was awesome on my S5 and S7 Edge
Was great till widgets quit working
It's a great app If it had the tide predictions  it would be perfect!
Love the app, wish it could show UTC time as well
Looking forward to more AW watch faces!
I wish I could have option to tap on the widget and it do nothing and or option to slide the information inside the widget to see past, present and future. Other than its kinda fuzzy in terms of the widget telling exact information it's quite good.
Superbly awesome 😁 small suggestion, it would be nice to be able to have a digital clock on the wear watch face.
I think its a great face to have in my collection
Unless you want to pay for premium it has pretty much nothing.
Cool app for watch face
Way better watch face than default, worth the 2.99 or whatever I paid not to have to stare are those ugly defaults. Also like that you can set ambient mode 24/7 because I like that mode more
Huawei watch 2 sport trying to open the weather and calendar is a joke dev needs to make the touch easier for the 2  functions will give 5 stars when this happens really hope update comes soon as I have the payed version
Looks ok, uses more battery than some faces I have tried but that's the price I pay for animations.
All you really get is adds to buy more faces. Rip off
Could be easier to customize with more background and color options. Nice complications.
Hard to fault this watch face. Looks beautiful on my Huawei 2 Classic and lots of configurable features. Great work!
Awesome Watch Face and interface application!
Really nice design
I\ve had this for a long time and like the interactivity a lot. Definitely worth paying for premium features. When recently changing my phone, I had trouble getting it loaded on to the watch again, but a lot of patience helped. After more than 24 hours, it finally emerged on the watch, so just install it and leave it until your watch tells you its been installed. Then tap the message and your rocking.
I will give 5 stars if developver add features to change number of clock to dot or strip. Like a minimalist watchfaces. Thanks if my idea has been accept by developer
It's the best watch face in the market with:  1) Black background 2) Digital time indicator 3) Battery, weather, date and step count information (pro) 4) Beautiful design
So far this is my fav watch face for my Huawei Watch 2
Battery indicators did not work
It's a very nice looking watch face and works as promised. Very responsive dev as well.
Smart and very customizable, looks very good on my Huawei watch 2
Sleek design 👍👍
Amazing app
Dreadful
Cool
All is great except the weather. For some reason, it's not showing an accurate temperature.  Update 11/28 - Resolved weather issue.
Superb
Looks great but seems to have a larger impact on battery life than other faces I use. It also seems to bog down and make the watch interface less responsive on my LG Urbane.
Looks nice and complications are good - but this watchface and the others from DeNitE Appz don't seem to allow me to answer my phone using the watch when it rings.  They don't even show that an incoming call is occurring.  I can call out on the watch with this watch face just fine (I've got an LTE watch), but incoming calls are not recognized or displayed.  I've switched to factory LG watch urbane face and others not from DeNitE Appz and they all show incoming calls and allow me to answer or reject calls.  Am I missing something in the setup or is this a major feature left out of your watch faces?
Face watch no longer syncs with the phone after couple of hours, showing same battery life of the phone and same weather. To sync I have to open the phone app.
Can't get it to install. I've tried for a while now. I shouldn't have to troubleshoot after installing.
Did not work at all on Huawei 1.
Doesn't  work Asus Zenwatch 3
Cant get to do anything
Nice watch face with required widgets
Pretty nice watch face
NICE! I
I like  this app but it is not shown all option ,like battery percintage and other. Please tell me how can iactive this app.
I like it.. It's different
Cool watch face.
All good!!
Sleek design
New
Stupid people like me have not been catered for. I assume I need some kind of android watch to make it appear. Because it sure doesn't  show up on my Galaxy.  There should be a sign for fools and idiots such as me to explain this otherwise we are confused for anywhere up to an hour.
I like this, it's a nice replication of the clock face on London's famous tower. My only gripe is it is a little feint in dimmed mode on my Sony Smartwatch 3. Otherwise it would be 5 stars from me!
From a distance, where you can't tell it's Big Ben, it's just an awesome looking,  handsome watch fac
nicely done. Now you need the chimes.
Doesn't have enough information about the how to use the clock.
Can't install it
Going to enjoy showing this off!
Lol uninstalled in 30 seconds. Just pure rubbish. What a waste of my download time
this cell phone not work but I hate it
My one NEVER TURNED ON
bad
But beautiful.
Fantastic Watchface - I paid for WatchMaker Premium specifically so I could use this particular watch face on my LG Urbane! I do wish there was an alternative color scheme though - like a dark blue/dark green. The orange is a little distracting when  driving  in the dark.
Absolutely love the design and the color on the deep blacks of my LG Watch R OLED screen. Its even unlocked so you can mod if you want to.  And its FREE...what else can you ask for. Thanks a LOT for this gift!
Frank is a genius with watch face design. His creations  embrace the technology and make it fun to wear his designs. This is one is awesome
Doesn't work on huawei watch? Downloaded it can't find it on watch or in Android wear.
Great watchface big fan of technical  themed watchfaces my only request would be to increase  timeout when you hit the screen  otherwise   great  theme
Can't see it on my hauwai watch.
Dude where is the Square Version?
Awesome design, nice colors contrast make it easy on your eyes
Love this face it's top of the "my favorites" list now
Your app sucks
I really like this full featured watch face!
I like it
This is Prime! 😆
Awesome!!!
Good apk
Nice
Good work
I'll buy it when there's an animation.
I was pretty close to requesting a refund, but found that the phone app allowed the customization of the different superheroes. I was trying to do it solely from the watch on the Fossil Q Founder 2. Once I figured it out, I love it! Good purchase :)
I am giving this app one star, not because I hate it, because I only have access to the Batman face. There seems to be no way to change the superhero.  I have the Fossil Q Marshal.....help or suggestions would be appreciated.
Haven't been able to use the other wallpapers other than batman for a long time now. Even across different watches (moto 360 2nd gen, Asus zenwatch 3, Fossil Q Explorist)
I have android wear app on iPhone and a Nixon Mission watch and all i get is the one watch face which is Batman. I mean this is a cool watch face but i want the other ones also and if i am paying $2.89 for it you would expect to be told if it does not work going through and apple device. Thanks
Why am I not able to change watch face on my Moto 360 Sports 2nd Gen. I tried to restart my watch, but got no luck. Am uninstalling this app.
Please add battery indicator option. It will be perfect!!
Unable to open app
My first paid watch face and I really like it. Please update the heroes. I'd like to see Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, Wolverine and more. UPDATE: On my Moto 360, if Ambient mode is turned off, the Heroes watch face is replaced with the watch's default watch face.
I really wanted this to work but as soon as I purchased it. It didnt load the faces on my watch. And I mean any of them I tried different settings and different wallpapers but not one of them worked. Highly dissatisfied I was truly looking forward to this
Disappointed works for few seconds then all i get on my watch is "unfortunately heroes has stopped" rebooted 3 times and reinstalled twice
Won't push the theme to the watch
Wish it includes Ambient mode. You can use some super hero icons in ambient mode with digital clock.
Is it possible for white hour and minute setting?
Ok
Doesn't work on Android 2.0
Watch faces not showing up on LG GWatch R
Won't install on Huawei watch 2
Still didnt pop up on phone, but if you wait for a long time, the watchfaces are really nice
Doesn't show app on phone (which would be nice), but a couple of the watchfaces are very nice (Isetta and CSL). Huawei 1
Did not work on my Samsung S3 Frontier. Checked everywhere on the phone and watch. Any details at all about this?
Not possible to install on Huawei 2 (Android Wear 2) watch. Nice looking, but useless like BMW product.
Doesn't work on my samsung gear with Tizen OS. Please develop.
I'm not sure what watches these are for but they don't load on my Samsung Gear S3. They need to clarify what watches these can be used on
Not working on watchos 2
Doesn't appear anywhere
Id love to try this but it doesn't seem be installing at all on my watch (Huawei Watch 1st Gen with Android Wear 2).
Great app! It functions just fine.
Every 20 - 30 minutes I get a "Red Lizard has stopped" any ideas? Cannot configure anything on the watch face. 8/11 update, can you refund my money? Still getting message on phone every 20 minutes,  please answer
In joining
I really like this watch face, it's very simplistic and looks great! My only two complains are that it doesn't come in 12 hr format, and that it doesn't display the date. The second isn't the end of the world, it's just something nice to have.
Was displaying wrong time which other watch faces didn't. Once it even showed the time as 16:68. There isn't 68 minutes in an hour.
Add 12hr time please.
It needs a 12 hour option
12h please. How do I change the background?
Very nice. Date would make it perfect.
Nice. Needs 12 hr time though
Beautiful app, but would love 12hr time please! Will fix rating then.
The animations are slow and not as smooth as a similar face.  The numbers look jagged.
Okay
Got a little confused as the app icon in settings looks like a portable projector screen and not a watch face, but that's not a problem now that I know.
I cannot see this app when i donloaded it
Overall, a basic, clean, sleek design and that's why I purchased this watch face. Enjoyed it! However, there are a few suggestions I'd like to share with the dev: 1. I'd like to have double digits on the hour count for both 12/24 hrs options (like 04 instead of 4), it'd look more balance throughout the face. 2. Option to turn off the colon. 3. Would be nice if you can let user to customize clock position, right now it's on the right, but it'd be nice to be reposition to the left or keep it center! Thanks!
I can set it on my watch, change the colours and then the screen just goes blank. Asus zenwatch
Ok wasn't there supposed to be app with the watch face to configure the color and font?
A great watch face
Nice!
Basically doesn't do anything, the watchface never even showed up for me, waited 15 minutes then took a refund
Fine
Like it
Loving it
Nice Ukiyo-e! Woodblock prints in Edo Tokyo!!
I have a motorola 360, and this watch face is very attractive, but it does not work .  The two rectangles at bottom are always empty. I have many of the other Rich watch faces and they work just fine.
The watch face is very attractive no doubt, but give some more functionality like time zone option for LCD panel, its very helpful for a guy like me who travels a lot. Hoping to see it in next update.
Doesn't work on Motorola moto 360 2nd. Wasting time and money.
Come on... , why you not update it to support android wear 2? I have waiting to long time
Great Watch Face.  Using it for a while now. Please add a "square" ambient mode,  then it would be perfect.
If this watch face had square ambient mode I would love it.
Doesn't work
Nothing is where it should be on screen of moto360 gen2. Don't waste your time.
Good looking watch face but needs to be able use watch hands in dim mode.
Missing the analog hands in the ambient mode.
It has a nice clean analog view, complemented with a digital display
Bugs fixed. Thanks!
Stunning watch face. But what's the use if we're not able to keep it that way.!  It lacks the basic option to have No Ambient mode at all or some amount of information to be shown in Ambient mode. Please include this option and I'll love it for sure..
Seems like most of the watch faces in the play store from this developer and others, just drains the battery rapidly. I get around 8 hours. That's with tilt to wake off. With the stock watch faces, I can get 36 hours (moto 360, nexus 6).
I was specifically looking for an analog formatted display that gave the digital time as well, but wasn't too 'busy'. This does what I want. The only complaint that I have is that the hands of the watch 'scroll' into position when it wakes, sip you have to wait for it to stabilize. Still, this is as close to a perfect watch gave as I have found.
Great watchface & the developer is very responsive so if you have any issues he is very helpful. I love the idea of having a watch face that tells you if you have any missed messages, phone calls, voice mails, etc. Hopefully one day you will be able to respond with a quick message right from the watch face.
Found the settings, in the android wear application itself. Now if only it had all the settings their other faces did - for example, the ability to turn off transparent cards, or set to full ambient mode.  With transparent cards you can't read any notifications in the ambient mode.
Drains battery on phone and doesnt update phone battery correctly.  When will we get battery update fix?
On the new Huawei  no text visible,  I have tried several settings and  back  to  default,  without  result,  I hope  we  get  an  update  for  this  issue
If you could provide more ambient mode options, and improve the ambient quality, all of your watch faces would be great. But as it stands, I just can't use them. Any plans for improvement?
There's no way to customize. I tried going thru android wear. Only have option to uninstall
But destroys my battery
Waiting to see how it affects my 3 day battery life on my g watch r tho.
The digit numbers are not in the right area
Message count not working on OnePlus One with Hangouts used for SMS.
Nice watch face but app not showing up in app drawer so I can't customize it
Thanks for the support!
Nice
Everything is in the wrong place leaving the attended place blank so it all looked very stupid...please update
Ambient mode hides analogue hands and digital time is so tiny it is impossible to read.
"lcd" text not in the right place.
Missing letters an digits
I appreciate this info on my wrist! I have a Moto 360. I just wish it looked better like it does on a square shaped watch. The alignment of the text is not so great looking on the round display.
As soon as I got this my watch resarted😢
I really like the basic design and simple design.  I would happily pay for a version that I can make green or even add a background to if I wanted. The developer is very responsive to change requests.
Nice
Only issues are, as in the description, notifications obscure the watch too much, and the "t" on Checkpoint is occasionally truncated on the LG G Watch when certain digits are showing on the countdown.
But please make it green!
I'd love to see more Ingress-Wear!
Awesome.  Can we get UTC?  And custom backgrounds for our faction logos?
Works OK but unfortunately you can't  change things in the app, I don't like digital watch... And lime to move it out.
Colors do not work at all
How do I not display weather and steps in ambient mode?
My favorite Watch Face. Looks great and has all the features I need. Thanks
Ambient Glow mode would be nice for always on display.
This is my daily driver. Constantly updated for functionality and to fix anything that may have become broken by updates to Android Wear. On that note, the phone battery meter no longer works. Any idea if a fix will be available soon? Still a GREAT watch face on the Moto 360!
Good looking watch face, but the ambient mode need more config like option to disable the widget and also brightness setting for ambient mode.
Does not show steps on Huawei Watch. Both Android Fit and watch steps counters work on other Watch faces but not this one.
Nice and helpful...5☆ perfect watch if add world time zone
Thanks for new features. One big request is to have the option to change the color of the hour and minute hands. Too much white.
The map is the only things. Missing
I've tried others but always come back to this one. I'm done trying.
Great watch face
Watch hands all out of walk on huawei watch.
I originally bought the glossy face but it didn't fill the screen. This one does.
Looks great on the 360
Keeps on crashing on my phone
Very impressed with this face it's the best one I've got yet. Looks wicked on the moto 360. Great job. Keep up the great work guys.
Would like to be able to change the colors of the text, pips, and the hands
Compass does not work
Very nice watchface. The battery meters look awesome.  The compass doesn't work for me either, but I'm not planning on using that anyways.
Temperature in Fahrenheit is so US centric. And the resolution looks a bit blocky, could be sharper. Also timer is more useful that stop watch imo.
Uninstalled. Compass does not work.
Please make this compatible with samsung gear fit.
Very pretty watch face but I have an issue where the background image seems to have moved left so that I have a similar 'flat tire' on the right of the screen as the bottom. I'm using 42mm moto 360.
Absolutely perfect. I could look at it all day
Can't work on Michael Kors Dylan :(
I love but wish it had the date on it as well.
Beautiful app. Nothing wrong with it.
Pretty
A very pretty watch face but could you please add a proper 12-hour clock face. Thanks!
Could be amazing with the option for a digital clock in the middle with some basic settings like 24/12 hour mode and am/pm. Its a shame because this looks amazing but I can't bring myself to use it or reccomend it to anyone because it's difficult to tell the time with this.
I hate the parralax thing going on, just does not look good IMHO. I also hate the shake to see date option. I would actually give this between 4 and 5 stars giving I could turn off the parralax and make the date appear without shaking my wrist.
The design is nice but that parallax thing is Simply horrible. Also the designed by on the top just looks bad. Find a more natural way to incorporate it (do you really need to?) than slamming horrible font on the top.
Eventually appeared on moto 360 after uninstalling and reinstalling it a few times. The parallax effect is absolutely horrid, it ruins the whole thing. That and the "created by" text. Nobody is going to remember your company name from a watch face you have to be 3 inches away from to read. All it does is make the watch face seem cheap, feels like an advertisement. Put the date on the face, shaking your wrist is stupid. Stop creating gimmicks. You have a good thing here if you'd listen to your users.
Nice animations with gyro. The "Ok Google" text is blocking the time. Move that somewhere else please. The date bear pops up every time you wake up the watch. It should only pop up when I shake the wrist when I'm not in dimmed mode.
This watch face is cute but the date is all wrong. If you don't need to know the correct date it's perfect!***. Oh thank you I'm going to reinstall it right now! ##### I installed this watch face again. Now we have a new problem, the bear does show the right date, but I have to restart the watch each day  in order for the date to reset! I don't plan on doing that Daily it's ridiculous!  Please fix or uninstalling!!!
Okay this is my favorite watchface & I think I have them all. But my bear needs help, he's a bit lost. Sometimes he pops up & has the correct date. Such as today he was red & said Jan. 1, 2015. Now he is blue & says the date is Wed. the 31st. Please help my bear I don't want to use the other watch faces....but he is just so darn cute & I love the colors of the watch face! Can you please help my bear? I'm more than willing to pay if you can fix him :-) I am using this face on a ZenWatch & Galaxy Gear Live if that info helps.
The parallax effect detracts from the style and legibility ('ok Google' hovering right on top of the time.) Was expecting more customization. Nice design but the execution could be better!
Lovely watch face but the date is always one day behind....Thurs 26th March today and its actually Fri 26th. Reinstalled all and re-synced Sony SW3, both running android 5 but no joy. Shame. Any idea why, people? You'd get 5 stars if you could fix this. And YES..this was written after your date fix.
Nice animated second's bezel that's functional. Clean face n cool Bear pops up for added detail
However, I've uninstalled and re-installed the app on jan 11 but the date issue still exist. I'm using Gear Live.
Great design of this watch face and first installed when I got the wear 5.0 update!  Love the motion when tilting watch and face colours. Just need more customisations for 5 stars.
Date sometimes gets stuck... Would like colours introduced too overall a really slick face!
Pop up date does not update when day has passed. And it persisted even after uninstall n re-install
Date doesn't updated unless I restart my watch. Looks good. Like the dynamic pop up date bear. Maybe some additional bear colors or customizing?
date stuck on 16th, can you fix this?
Doesn't fit the screen of the Gear Live properly.
Looks good but the date doesn't update on its own.
Ambient mode caused burned in G watch R :(
Great watch face but the date won't update unless I switch to a different watch face and back. This needs to be fixed ASAP
The date doesn't roll over.....!!!???? What good is THAT?? Wish I hadn't paid for this watchface.
date doesnt update...   plz fix.it~!     After the update, the date bug didnt fix...    the date still donesnt update!
Is the date stuck for anybody else?
The design is pretty nice, but unfortunately the date does not update.
This is an awesome watchface! a bit too colorful,  but the parallax feature really makes it something to show.
It's cute but when you move into a new day the date doesn't get updated!
Remove that text, it really ruins the whole design of the watch face.
Nice art,  but performance is bad,  drains 🔋
Not showing up on G Watch R.
Date is always one day behind!
Would like the option to turn off the parallax effect
Really boring to see...
hi all..how to transfer this watch face into my moto360? thanks ...
Won't sync from nexus 5
Very cool looking!!
The date shown is never changed, pls fix it
Updated 1/9/15... Date issue is fixed. Love this watch face!
This is an awesome app have never had an issue. Moto360.
Love it great watch face
My Watch
I love the design.
Keeps on running in the background even when not in use or after a reboot... Nice face, but not good for my phone.
Couldn't get it to work with Zenwatch 3, even after trying the different ways to get it to work.
Beautiful & classy. Thank you!
These are great, original faces. With the demise of Pebble I can only hope that there will be some new Wear offerings from TTMM, I'll happily pay
Nice but missing non US date format
Great looking digital faces.
Nice face looks how I feel chilled out 😆
Cool
Love it
My current favorite, and has been for avfgeegy
Just wish it was possible to change colors.
Perfect
dont work 360 2nd
I was disappointed to find that there were no options to change colors on primary or ambient mode. Other than that, it's a beautiful design.
Like it (one of the best out there thus far), just wish there was an option to change colors. Would really love to see this in red and green. 4 stars till then.
Love the look, would love to see more "glow" effect
Im weak when  it comes to the color blue..looks Amazing cheers.
Love the look, would go five stars if weather was accurate. Fixed or automatic, weather is not correct. Standard apps on my phone and watch show correct weather, so don't know where this app gets its weather info from.
Back to great, thanks for the quick update :-)  Made me realize how bad i missed it even if it was for just a couple days lol!!
Does work with 5.0.1
Looks awesome
Nice watch face, I would have expected a little customization for a paying app. If the watch is not link with phone, the weather would drop out. The hue of the watch face should adjustable. For LG G round or watches with OLED capability, the dimmed face is not that great. It is just the normal watch with dimmed down look. Because of the blue, the dimm mode does not pop out as the default faces do.
If you're looking for a digital feel then this is brilliant - looks good on the watch - so far have bought 2 faces are both from the same developer!!  One negative is it would have been nice to have a different feel on ambient mode!
Really busy, cluttered, looking digital watch face, I love it. It's exactly the look want when selecting a digital face.
Awesome face but useless because it causes the watch to freeze withen a few hours, emailed the creator with no responce.. using g watch r
Favourite watch face, lots of functionality until Android 5 Lollipop update.Hope the developer sorts this out quickly, but appreciate it may not be their fault.
Buyers beware!!!!!
I am really pleased with the watch faces from Smartwatch Bureaux.
Nice face, yet again. Only wish I could change the color of the ambient mode like others. Thanks
The face and features are really good but would like it if there is settings to change the color and ambient settings like F03.
Dope watch face
And can easy setup
This watch face is full of imagination. Unlike other functional watch face, I like this more. Of course, Watch Face - fuji is the  best watch face I have ever seen . Great animation!
Great job! Nice watch face which I could wear all the time. I rarely My  change watch face. Last watch face named watch face of ben on my wrist for a real long time
Looks good the first time then gets boring.
Add the date other then that it's a clean watch face
Kind of wish the ambient mode watch face was an option as the main watchface
Idk

Meow
In order to get the face to work is to install on phone and then go to play store on watch and install on the watch to. Works perfect. It must a problem aw2 to Auto install.
Doesn't work.  Same experience as other user. Google play Open button missing.  No icon in Android Wear.  No icon on desktop.
Uninstall it and reninstall it. And not showing up at all. On my Huawei P9. .Does not exist..and NO way around of getting refund on Google play..👍👍
Does not show on watch or Android wear
I looked in my apps and widgets, but I can't see it. When I did a search it seems to not have been installed. All I have as an option now is "refund". I'd like to install it, though. Any help would be appreciated. Update -Thanks for replying. I will email you.
Nice face, looks and works great. My only complaint is the ambient face a little too simple, I would like a little more detail.  Update: Thanks for listening to me and adding more ambient detail .... perfect!
This watch face is awesome it is one of few that i have download that actully has a true seperate option for square face that looks real. I love it, it is almost perfect... it just need the second hand to sweep or move in a smooth manner instead of ticking. Let me know when you fix this.
Can't find it.  Same as  Raven Walla's comments.  Has a Gremlin appeared?  I have latest versions of Android & Snapdragon hardware so maybe this is why issue only came to the fore this week.
Looks sophisticated and clean in active mode, and looks pretty sharp on the 2015 Moto 360 ambient mode. A keeper!
I could not edit it for the white face. Disappointed.
Crap. Installed it but can't find it.
Downloaded it but does not appear in my phone. Why is this so??
Works well on my Moto 360 first gen.
6 is cut off
Hi. I really love this beautiful and simple watch face. I have moto 360 2nd gen and I would like to use the watchface that already accomodates the flat tire of moto 360 but somehow it only have the watchface that if fully rounded and it looks quite weird. Is there anyway I can download the watchface with the one that accomodates the flat tire of the moto 360? please let me know
I have a moto 360 and a gear live and this watch face looks fantastic on both. It even accommodates the 360s flat tire.
This watch face does not work with the Moto 360. It does not tell you the correct time most of the time. The hands get stuck as if they are on an analog device with mechanical hands that has been dipped in molasses and left out in the sun.  Don't waste your time unless you like being late.  The makers of the app are aware of the problem and offer no solution. Also, they offer no refund. Do not waste your time or money.
Classic styling, simple and elegant. What more is there to say?
Nice face overall, but the hands could definitely be a bit more refined.
LG V20
Professional look...
Looks great with the gold LG Urbane. The only downside is the outer circle gets cut off when the face moves to protect burn in. UPDATE - Now you are forced into using black and white while in ambient mode. This should be an option!
It's beautiful!!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful watch face for my LG urbane, best one yet but kept locking up.
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Edit 3: I just realized that there has been changes in Android, so I had to install the face through the watch. After doing that, the face is working fine.  Edit 2: Even after the latest update, it still doesn't appear among watch faces.  Edit 1: I purchased LG V30 about a month ago. I had LG G6 before that and the watch face was working fine. But on V30 it doesn't show up in Android Wear. Please fix   Original review: It is a great face, but needs improvements. I have two suggestions. First, make UTC time changeable so that user can select a second location for it other than UTC.  Second, the analog clock that shows UTC time, it's better to find something else for it. Right now it seems that the author didn't know what to put there, so he/she just put a clock there which is redundant. Other than that, it is fantastic.
Seems useful watch face
I bought it I have a moto 360 and it's no were to be found
Purchased and does not show on Moto 360 or Android wear, junk, want $$ back
Really love the features, but once I set everything to provide all that fantastic data the watch chews through battery. Lost 10% on freshly charged phone (no use-just setting there) and 62% of drain on phone was from watch face. Will be great when battery technology improves. But can't take the drain right now. Ahead of its time.
Using a ZForce phone, the watch face will not auto update the time when changing time zones. Phone does.
Worth purchase.
Love this watch face. Only issue is it is causing a "location found" notification to always stay on my phone. Fix please !
The watch face displays in a small frame and very distorted
It works great with my moto Z
A bit cluttered, but nice watchface overall
Moto360 1st. Gen. - love it BUT:  It needs to be more customizable: screen colours, "on screen" time could be less, reduce some components to increase battery time (ie lighted rim).  REALLY eats up battery time.  Recently completely dropped wind speed, direction and barometer* and I haven't been able to resolve it.  This is important to me as a cyclist.  *UPDATE 8/11/16:  I still love the app.  Rebooting BOTH watch and phone solved the above issue but now am having problems with the altitude reading...
This watch face works great on moto 360 v2! Looks awesome, accurate, and surprisingly low battery consumption. I like to change things up often, but I always end up going back to this face within minutes, it's that good! Is my go-to!
Uses low power and tweaking the screen settings I can make the battery last 3 days. Everything you need for all branches.
I bought and it shows installed but I don't have app on phone and no face on watch.  I have Android wear on phone and a moto 360.  Waste of money without a product
It has lots of nice info pretty much all you need, and it looks AMAZING.
Very high tech looking, works well.
Just like another face by dev doesn't work. Emailed several times with no fix. Emails sent dev says they are checking on the issue. Never had answers or a fix for the issue. Leaves you hanging. TAKES YOUR MONEY AND NEVER FIXES ISSUES. BUYER BEWAEE
It's a pretty cool app. But how do I enable it to access GPS? How do I pull up the settings. Can't with the watch itself, and I can't find the app in the list of apps in my phone. It would be far better if I could access the settings.
After installing the update, my Samsung Note 5 started communicating with the app. Works great now. Thanks!
Really nice watch face but I can't seem to find the app for it on my Nexus 6. Would appreciate help if possible.
Lots of useful information in well designed format.  Would like to see "number of steps" added.
As a pilot I'm using this face  to test altimeter accuracy as well as my Airspeed in knots.
The watch face looks awsome in the picture but it just does not work right my moto 360.First it does not respond well to the watch sensor.in have to shake and turn a few times for the screen to come up.Second the display updates once in an hour for attitude and speed.Ambient screen looks terrible and not interactive at all.Not worth the money
Another great Moto 360 watch face. I prefer the dark ambient mode. I don't like the green glow on the interactive mode.
This watch face has a ton of information, it has a good layout, looks good, and is the watch face to show your friends what a SmartWatch can do. The only downside is those of us of the older generations need a magnifying glass to see some of the information. Regardless I'd recommend this watch face for it's sheer fun value.
I like it. But on a Huawei it will show up tiny and off center so I can't use it. It's already paid for, I hope to see it designed for my watch soon. Update: I'm now using the version for Huawei, and it works great! Awesome customer service.
It's good but could be better. Needs to be customizable, for instance you need to be able to even slightly modify the color scheme and change the units of weather etc.
This actually looks good on the 360 2015's ambient mode! UPDATE: I finally got around to playing around with the Settings, and wow! The level of ambient mode control is indispensable on the 2015 360.
Doesn't work right on my moto 360 2nd gen
Theirs no better app for my moto 360. Sticking with this one.
It has all the information I would need at a glance! Would like to change colors but that's not a deal breaker
Would get 5 stars if you could customize it more like making the background black.
Great looking face, tons of information in one face. One option i'm looking for is to be able to change colors otherwise 5 stars.
Showing up tiny and off center on my Huawei.  Not sure how to fix it
It's a good app
Great
I'm just a kid in a grown ups body that loves tech and trinkets. This is by far the coolest, futuristic looking watch face and I love it!
I'm like a kid inside the candy store with these watch faces. This one looks like the cream of the crop and I love it. 5 stars.
Only watch faces I've seen that display this amount of information. Only wish there were more color options.
It says it was downloaded by its nowhere to be found.
At first didn't know how to change through all 3 watch faces but the developer responded promptly and you access them in the android wear app not directly on the watch. Would be nice if the graphics of the watch face were more "HD" as some others I've purchased. I love it and maybe updates will help in future. Ambient mode is very nicely done!
Good text size and basic info
Good app
It's ok, but in 24 clock mode there is no AM or PM. In ambiant mode the background and most widgets should disappear and only the clock should remain. As is will be hard on battery life. Would be nice to be able to change the background. Overall nice app, going back to a different one, however.
Great watch face design that are easily customised
Nice app
Love it.
Meh
Goood
App's good but why does it take so long to download
The watch face look perfect on a square screen. Perfect as in the pictures!
Simply and perfectly match on my LG Urbane 2
Stunning watchable.*****
I like the idea! Would really love it if the text was vertically aligned... It doesn't look too good on my Ticwatch E with text right at the top and lots of blank space below it.
Love it on my LG Urbane 2nd edition using 2.0!  thanks keep up the good work! Soon I'll buy the python and JavaScript watch face
Great app!! Love it and have been using it every day for a year!! Can we get an update?
Nice watchface.. But it would be cool if its possible to change user and hostname
Great job! Loved it.
Nice watch face, can you add one tap to get battery and weather information? Thanks
Nice watch face. Font sizes don't seem to be working on Sony Smart watch SWR50 though
This app won't work on my moto 360, but if it did would be awesome
Nice watchface. Why no monospace font though?
where can I set a greater font? Installed on Huawei watch...Thank you for the good news to wait for an update!
Pretty sweet watchface!
Love the look of this on my ZenWatch 2. Only complaint is that on the ZenWatch the text is a bit hard to read due to the displayed font being small and thin. If there's a way you can get the text to be one font size bigger and/or bold text this would be perfect :)
Love it. Can you do a JavaScript style face.
Yes
One of my fave watch faces for my LG Urban Mk1. Has everything you need, although the list of tiny 4squares at the bottom of the face which takes you to the main menu,  the little headphone to start the music app fails to do anything & plays nothing,  is really the only gripe I have with it all. Oh, & the little weather icon never changes to anything other than a half moon & doesn't give you accurate weather  'c' temperature.  Change these two gripes & I'll change to 5*
Love this watch face! It has all the stuff I want, you can change the colors, and some other stuff that I really like having but it doesn't lag the watch like the custom face apps have. I have a couple issues that I would like to see get addressed but they don't effect the overall usability of this watch face.   1. The weather is set to update every hour or every half hour (I have tried both), and it works sometimes but then other times it won't update for like 12 hours, or until I manually go in and hit update. Then it seems to work again for a bit.  2. Changing the color from just tapping the time is a bit annoying. I would like to be able to tap on the weather and stop watch stuff but its so sensitive that I have to keep it "locked" which makes those buttons unusable.
works pretty well,  updating weather is kind of hit or miss.  end up toggling back and forth on watch faces to get it to update
It's okay. Didn't update for time zones when traveling without having to reset all the settings. Cycling through colors didn't save the custom color I set either.
I like the look of the watch face,but the weather doesn't update on my zquart watch, contact the developer but look like there is no fix.
Everything I want and it all works!
Awesome face
I love the watch face but HATE how it auto changes the colours when I touch in the wrong location. There should be an option to turn this off. If I want my colours to be blue I want them to stay blue. Not have to cycle through different colours then have to put out my phone just to select colour manually again if I touch the wrong place on the watch.   Please fix
Keeps shutting down before i can install on my samsung gear s 3 was able to download on my phone but not on my watch please fix these issues or reply to make sure it isnt my own human errors
The infinity watch face will not appear as an available watch face to select.   I have tried resync all apps I have uninstalled and reinstalled the infinity app  I would really like to use this, but I am unable to do so.   I have the fossil Qfounder running android wear 2.0  Thanks
It does not work with a fossil q founder. Do not buy.
Why can't the three shortcuts (STEPS/STOPWATCH/MUSIC) be changed? Why can't any app be selected for the MENU SHORTCUTS?
Weather doesn't update from my Galaxy S4
Nice face and short cuts doesn't always update location properly
Moto360 2nd Gen, it does not show up as a selectable watch face...
Finally, a good mix of usability and style. Well worth the cost of premium.
Looks good but weather is not updating automatically as per schedule. Only manually. I am using Open weather service.
Paid for premium. Big mistake. Can't even get steps to work.
Good watch face in the premium version but weather doesn't auto update on the watch for some reason
Can not change color of time in ambient mode after unlock premium
Infinity is in space. Nraj
Sorry guys but this the best. I say again the best.
Very Nice!
I love the aesthetic look and the high information density of this watch face design. It has a few minor issues though. The biggest one being that I wish I could lock the watch face colour without locking all the interactivity. I often accidentally change the colour and need to fix it unless I have the whole face locked. I'd much rather only control the colors from the phone app. Being able to customise the colour of more parts of the face separately and the apps in the button drawer would be good too
I would give more but missing more customization. Eg see battery in actual percentage not bars, notifications get on always on screen and lagging sometimes for some. reason. On other faces did not see this problem. Work to be done but verry nice watchface!
This is another great watch face by RichFace. I have the latest Huawei smartwatch. Before this I was using the RichFace NEO WatchFace worked well but I wanted more interactive buttons. Well on this watch face it shows the watch battery level and phone level in graph mode., it show the weather temp and weather icon, at the top of the watch it shows your actual location and if you click on it , the maps come up. Also at the top of the watch you have the steps counter (which does not work for me will explain) it would probably work if I installed the fit app on my phone but I don't need it because the watch face has a google fit shortcut that connects to the google fit that comes on the phone. The phone has so many shortcuts I don't need the wear mini launcher !! You select the shortcuts on your phone and then when you click on the bottom icon a box comes up with 6 apps to select. Very cool. I use the google messenger app on my phone which also connects to my watch and I can receive and send Texts and MMS pictures on the watch. This watch face is one of the few apps that has a shortcut to messenger so I can go to my texts instantly. Like to see it cover even more apps in the future.
Great idea.. BUT screen too small to have all the icons cramped in. Ive unlocked the app so it can connect to google fit at a cost..  however  if you want  another watch face you can down load anther one free or pay again (yes pay again) for different and better ones..that guess what..you need to pay again to unlock google fit and premium icons... so pay each time and upgrade each time... seems like a money machine to me.
I dont think it is worth the money i paid for it. I cant find out how to reset the stopwatch, the color. I set for the background keeps changing and most features dont work. Only got 2 stars cuz i like the layout.
A bit pricey for what it is. Need to be able to change the indicators, and STOP the ever changing watch colours. A bit fiddly over all. Like the design but on the surface it promises more than it delivers.. Probably would not recommend.
Step counter doesn't work properly. The counting update is unstable. I use "Sportive" and "Bits" watch face and there is no problem with the step counting. Please fix this problem
Steps counter is inconsistent between the watch and Google Fit app. Text size is a little small. Otherwise, it's great!
This face is just ugly. It took like 1 min to design it. Embarrassing
It will not show on phone or on the watch after multiple re-syncs. S6E+ & moto 360 I followed what you suggested and it still won't work. The only watch face I can't get to work. A shame, but I have plenty more to choose from. Thanks anyway
I have purchased the Premium version. I have a LG G5 (Android 7) and LG Urbane Watch.No personalization is possible. I'm getting just one screen with the one of the two horizontal bars. Colors can't be changed same as 24 hours format. I wish I could get my money back.
Normally I'm bitchy about freemium apps but If you got a smart watch and you want cool faces the free faces are awesome. I can't wait to pay for the app. Wish I knew what I'd get if I did
Good functionality but has no square/rectangle watch faces. Round ones work but too small to use. Music play/pause too sensitive, impossible to pause once playing.  Sony SW3.
Stepper doesn't work and the touch response is finicky.
Needs hourly beep/vibration
It's a great watchface. One minor problem is that the music pause button doesn't work properly.
Very well thought out and executed watch face. So many functionalities that are needed on day-to-day basis. The watch face looks futuristic and provides lots of elements. The premium version worth the upgrade it adds tons of valuable functions. Keep up the great work.
Very nice and simple app
I like it
I had a previous version on my last phone. It worked perfectly. Since changing phones and downloading this again, the period time won't adjust from 45 minutes. Nothing I do changes this.  Edit: after contacting the publisher, everything has been fixed and works perfectly again! This is a perfect watch app for soccer officials!
Great idea! Please add ability to set different intervals. I.e. 2 minute quarter intervals with 5 minute half time.  Update: it stopped working and is super buggy. Uninstalled...Going back to my trusty stopwatch.
Love the app so far, just wish there was a way to set a custom length for the interval timer
I wasnt able to use the free version of Referee Watch for my ASUS ZenWatch. The watch face doesnt show in Android Wear or as an option on my watch. I
I want to use this on my Samsung Gear S3, but Android Wear doesn't recognize this new watch.  Is there an updated version that works with Samsung Gear and S Health?  I was looking forward to using this referee app this coming spring soccer season!  I can't really rate this app without trying it but I want to give it a 5 if I could.
OK, so I got a chance to use this on 4 indoor soccer games last night and I have to say that I really like it. It's easy to set the needed time, reset the timers and add scores. Overall a great app. Some potential added things could be a step or distance counter. One thing I noticed that is a bit concerning is that my battery drained by 50% in 4 hours using the dimmed 1 second update mode on my Sony Smartwatch 3. That's quite a lot. My score is 4.5+ out of 5. Great job.
Only reason why I purchased Android watch. I was looking out for ref watches to replace mine. Saw the app an purchased a Sony & loaded app. Too many features. Love the fact it is easy to stop and restart time. The reminder is also great that clock is stooped. Vibrate alert. Count up or down timer - screen shows both so you can pick mode you are used to. If you are a referee (or umpire) do yourself a favor and use this app. The watches will see so antiquated!!! I see myself using this for other sports too.
Everything I've always wanted in my Referee watch! Better than the custom watches like the Spintso - very easy to configure on the watch or  mobile.
Looks great. Note 4. Marmallow. Moto 360 (2). All permissions on. No heart rate, no working weather, colors change, and analog/digital changes. Let me know when the rest gets working. I would love to have this as my everyday face.
Update - in addition to the other issues, I had to uninstall the app as it was draining battery power on the phone (LG G4) to the tune of 25% and would not let me simply "stop" it. Heart rate monitor does not work on moto 360 2nd gen. Also aren't the buttons on the outside supposed to be active? I tap them and nothing happens.
Two days after install and it's consistently number 2 on the list of highest power consuming apps, and my phone no longer makes it past 6pm without charging when before it would last the full day. Avoid.
I love the layout! I wish options included Hangouts, Glide, Compass, Google Fit Goal/Steps, Swarm, Dialer... basically if it could allow for custom shortcuts to apps/functions on the watch... not on the phone.
Hmmm. Started getting ads on my phone for CallsApp! sponsored from this watch face app. Update: It's good news to hear that this won't be happening anymore, thanks.
Used more battery than my anything else on my phone.
Lock screen and aod doesn't work
Need black bg ambient. Heart rate sensor not detected on huawei.
Options missing such as 12 or 24 time, time before it goes into ambient mode etc…
Doesn't even show up in Android Wear...huawei watch, nexus 6p
Drains phone battery for some reason.
the numbers are too small to read
Great but keep forclosing
Refund
Nice looking watch face. With a few decent updates this could be a cracker. Will be keeping my eye on this one. :-)
The watchface looks pretty and cool but its not fully compatible with the huawei watch since the heart rate sensor not detected by the watchface and the dim mode is full color without eco mode. In general it needs to be more customizable.
A bad face with bad colors
beautiful
I like the watch, reason I downloaded it was because reviews and other people having zenwatch 2 issues. I have had issue with other faces and I believe it's because of that. But Gary Shook has a good suggestion to add steps counter in place of the battery percentage. Since the bars on the side show both phone and watch battery or if they do not perhaps label them respectively allow for that. It's a great watch face very pleased with it. Like the look of it very futuristic. Thanks.
Only problem is that I can't open the app from my phone. Works great on the watch though. I love the app but need to get to the options from my phone. Any suggestions? I have a Samsug Galaxy S5. Thanks, best dial I have ever seen. I have been a timepiece fanatic for decades(particulary automatics) and love now that I can replicate anything I want with software and LCD. Your app is what prompted me to buy a smart watch. I just came across the app randomly and was immediately sold. Thanks! Any help appreciate
This was the third (of many now) watch faces I've scooped up made by Tha PHLASH. Mad futuristic style... many props.   Wear 2 folks, install to phone and it'll pop up on watch.   He has so many incredible designs. I can't help myself and switch them up constantly. If you have issues check his website/instructions first... if that doesn't work he is an EXTREMELY responsive developer. Two thumbs up and a Word Up to Tha PHLASH for some awesome designs.
I can't really rate this yet because I've not been able to use it. Stock Nexus 6P on Android N Developer Preview 3, Moto 360 1st generation. It's just not installing and don't see in options of Android wear or watch. It's like it doesn't exist. Once I can get using it I can review it. I appreciate it!                          EDIT: I was able to get it to install but it lags somewhat. Keep in mind I am using Android N so it may not be an issue with the watch face. It is highly customizable and nice function
Love the default view/color scheme of the watch face. At this point it's a lost cause for me, since my watch (Ticwatch2) isn't supported, but I love this too much to justify not having it.  =]    Current issue I have, is changing any actual settings either from my watch, or from my phone; neither of which work.  =[  I'm having the same issue with your other watch faces.
Downloaded it and its no where to be found.  Does this not work with Wear 2.0?  Not seeing it as an option in any menu.  edit*  Changed to 4 stars, had to restart both devices and allow access from the actual watch once both were reconnected.  Would be 5 stars without that hassel, the face looks good and is highly customizable.
ASUS ZEN3 WATCH Ordered this face 3 times (two asked for payment).Although Google reports it is in my device it must be hiding rather deep. I have all my faces on one folder so looking for new faces is easy. I do hope I was not charged 3 times.. If this face iis NOT compatible with ZEN 3 -- SAY SO!
Despite saying it is compatible with the 360 1st Gen it clearly is not as it takes so long to load and animate when either moving your wrist or pressing the button that the watches screen has timed out. This renders it completely useless. This does not happen with any other watch face that I own (some 45 or more). Please optimise this or at least remove the 360 1st Gen from the compatibility list.
Love this watch face on my moto 360(1st gen)... Only drawback is that it takes about half a second for the face to go from black and white to the theme you have chosen for it when the screen wakes up..... Would love to see a fix for this in the near future and this app would be perfect!!!!
I really like this watch face.  It looks great, is highly customizable, and functions well on my Moto 360 2nd gen.  The only thing it's missing that would make it perfect is a step counter.  Please add one!  Maybe replace the digital battery readout and add a step counter there?  Or at least let it be an option?  The analog battery indicators are great, so the digital one is redundant in my opinion.
I loved this watch face used it exclusively for a long time . Now does not work on my phone/watch after updates note 5/LG urbane . It's installed but doesn't show up as an available watch face on Android wear or anything. Clean install and pair on both. Still won't work.  Very sad
Running on a ZenWatch 2.  Constantly getting "Wows" when ppl see this on my smartwatch.  I'll load another face for a few mins then Nah not as good.  Can't remember if there was a price on this but if there was I bought it and its the best purchase I've made for the Zen to date.
It looks cool so I purchased the face. But I can't find it on my watch or my phone. I'm using a Motorola droid turbo and a moto 360 (1st gen) doesn't give me an option to uninstall but only for a refund
absolutely love it. a word of caution for zenwatch 2, and probably other watches. if you are using the companion app, (in my case zenwatch manager) it can cause problems with the watch face.  i had a problem where it would not sync settings from the android wear app to the watch. manually changing settings on the watch would not take affect as well.  the dev's are really nice. and they replied my support emails really fast. definately a 5 star app and a 10 star developer
Love the face, however it seems to take a second to "kick in" shows a grey outline and then flashes to the customized face I created. If there is a fix, it would be perfect
Really love this app, totally worth the $2! Only thing is, would like to be able to make the date larger. It's a little hard to see the numbers on that. Otherwise, super happy with it! All the other customization is great.
Beautiful watch face. After updating my Huawei watch to AW 2.0, the watch face began to lag when it would transition to ambient mode. I uninstalled it and cleared the cache and it was still lagging. I figured out the lag occurred when I toggled the card peeking and etc. Once I disabled the options, the lag transition to ambient wasn't as bad. Since the update to AW 2 the notification system is different. Please look into the lag otherwise I would rate it 4 stars. Thank you.
Design wise is just... exquisite!! The colours, the lines.. just awesome, but I have 2 problems on my ticwatch E with AW 2.0.. weather indicator stays at 0°c, it doesn't update and the phone battery indicator also stays stuck at around 50%.. would rate 5* if developer address this..
The watch face looks great, after troubleshooting with the developer and reinstalling the watch face app I was able to get the battery indicator working again, some settings still have some issues like the weather (location not accurate) and the auto day/night. Other than that the watch face looks great!
This is the best looking watch face i have seen! That being said though, i have a couple of gripes with it. If hands are shut off, their shadows still show. Also, if you reset the phone or watch you have to redownload to get the weather and phone battery % to work again. And the face has no interactivity or function when pressed besides changing the battery display from watch to phone %. For the price i expected to at least be able to access extended weather menu by pressing the watch face.
Edit: there's room right below the date and battery percentage.. Can we put a custom option there like steps walked/calories burned option there?  After trying this back in January and having an epic fail (Asus problem?), I decided to give it another shot today and I am happy to say that it is working correctly now on my watch. Kudos to who ever fixed the issue. Whether it was Asus fixing their app or PHLASH! It's the prettiest face in town. ;)
Really like this face but it is let down by a couple of issues, the most annoying is that the battery gauges keep swapping. For example the right hand gauge and digital representation is set to display the watches battery level but for some reason it keeps switching to display the phones battery level. I have checked the settings and all is correct there, it just seems to have a mind of its own. Secondly, there is a noticeable lag from when the screen activates to when the 'full' watch face is displayed.
I've made about 5 different color schemes and the watch face keeps resetting to premade colors. It is really irritating.
Absolutely love the watch face! However, like another user said, I'm having minor problems syncing the settings & it seems to slow my watch down considerably. The slowdown is more of a concern for me as it effects all functions. 5 stars if developer can optimize. Running on ZenWatch 2.
This face seems to lack features for the price.  Hopefully they update it soon,  if not I would consider other apps at a lower or similar price, it is just too expensive compared to the many other free faces that do more.
You can customize everything to any color! But please please please add a feature to save customize color builds. I'm afraid to change to any other colors because I don't want to lose the face that I have created.
Edit: I am using this on the huawei watch and it stutters alot in daily use. Ok the graphic glitch was not really a glitch, thanks for clearing that out. If there's anything to improve the stutters I will give it 5 stars again.
Love the colors and settings! Small niggle though, maybe you can remove the skinny white lines on top in battery saver mode, they sort of look out of place.
Downloaded this watch face for my Sony Smartwatch 3. Is an excellent addition to my watch face library. Problem is it make all of them seem very bland!!! I can't stop tweaking the watch face!! I can't fault it....  😁😁😁
This is the first and only face I've used. It's gorgeous and the developer is active and makes updates. It has so many great features. Pick it up, you won't be sorry!
I love how this looks, and how easy it is to customise. There are so many options you can really change it to suit what you want. It looks extremely cool and futuristic. Also, the developer is great and works really hard to resolve issues and respond to users.
Really like this watchface, seems to drain the battery faster than some others on my Moto360 2 which is why it's not my daily driver. Not sure if that's an optimization issue or a watch issue.
Bought and installed today but already had to change to a different face because it will not come out of day mode and it crashed.  Installed on Huawei.
I purchased nearly every cool looking watch face for my moto 360v2, and this is by far the best looking! By far! Of course, I have the faces I need for specific things, but this is my go-to!
The weather is not displayed on the watch nor does it allow me to choose location & this started a week after I bought it, the longer I have it the less that works, I'm very unhappy, I'd like my money back please, it's a shame when I first got it it was because I  liked the look of it and everything worked, now I'm unhappy with this watch face, they won't give me a refund now I'm stuck with it. DON'T BUY THIS WATCH FACE YOU WILL BE UNHAPPY! !!!!!
Love the face and customization.   Only problem,  its 10 degrees Celsius here,  and face says minus 17.  Picked up location correctly,  but 27 degrees C colder it says,  than it is.
I'll bet this bad boy is going to attract more hot chicks than the Atlas watch face did. I better be careful with this thing.
I missed my android soooooo much..  Its things like this which makes is worth so much.  This looks so cool on my moto..  Thanks you guy's.
Good look but I can't use it. I don't get certain notifications now and the watch face doesn't stay consistent in what it shows me.
Looks nice but makes my Huawei watch laggy. An option to disable ambient would be nice, even if I disable it through the watch it still transitions through it when waking up.
Cute little watch face. My only requests would be...  1) The option to have the full time displayed as it can take me a while to work out which doctor is which.  2) To be able to change/add additional information to the screen. i.e. Battery life, steps, etc...  3) Some nice regeneration effects when doctors switch over.
I love this watch face. The artwork is cool, and perfect for a real Whovian like me.   Question: what time is it when the clock strikes the 13th Doctor? Time to get a new watch! LOL
I love this watch face so much!  I'm a very big fan of new Who. Tragically, I constantly get confused on the old Who, so I'm a little lost in the early afternoon. I'll learn them eventually though.
It works brilliantly on my wife's Gear S2 just wish it was available for my Gear S. From using her watch to load it it looks amazing and the doctors look even better than on the pebble. I was a fan of the black and white doctors on the pebble though. Also big shout out to the developer, who is always more than willing to help
Nothing wrong with this at all. I personally like faces with more info, like battery life and weather and such. But i love the litte doctors so much. It's worth an extra simple face to get such a fun and cool watch face for a true whovian.
Super fun app! Now when people ask me the time, I say "10 past Matt Smith!" Girlfriend broke up with me, but that's ok, at least I have this cool app!
I cant even view the app
An option to remove additional characters would be good. But still fantastic.
Works great on the LG G Watch.
Just not for me. But good art style.
Love it, now I have to remember which doctor is which :-)
Perfect for any doctor who fan
Love it.  Just wish it was  customizable.
Love it!!
Awesome.
This app does not appear in Android Wear, on the watch, or in the App drawer. How is ome supposed to use it?
Amazingly adorable!
I *love* this. Please update it to include all the companions including Clara!
This is a very niche product, but so glad developer is scratching that niche.
My new favorite face.  If you love Dr Who, this is for you.  If you don't, it won't make much sense.  It works perfectly on the LG G Watch.
Great job! I've shared it a few times with a couple more Whovians, and they enjoy it just as much.
Still don't know what time it is.
Really well done!!! Awesome artwork with the Doctors. Absolutely adorable!
Just brilliant
Adorable!
A must for every Doctor Who fan with a smart watch. Clean design,  and very cute!
This watch face makes me very happy.
I cant see it and as far as read on the commentents ots awesome but i cant tell yet.
But i dont have dat device thx anyway
wonderful even TOM baker
Very clever idea indeed!!
Bravo
Great face get premium
Best one I have found yet great watch faces
This guy makes awesome watches.
Amazing images (that anyone could Google) but only one live wallpaper. I hope the artists know about this app...
It live wallpaper doesn't work on my tablet pls fix it and I will give 5 stars tnx
Bad
Please make new more live wallpaper for ahri sons katarina.... We love it
can't choose wallpapers on MIUI
I think its a awsome lwp... i gave ever installed... specly that Number.8....
Good
It does not work  ahri is my favorite champ guess i was wrong downloading this .. Sorry for not giving this app 5 stars  It really need to get fix u know Its not compatable(dislike it )
Ahri is a beautiful girl and she's pretty all of these the LOL😘😘😘😘😘
Its pretty good
......
Good
I have owned a Sony Smart Watch 3 for a week now and have been looking for a simple but good looking and unique watch face since then...I found it with pop watch face.  lots of options for colour, look and feel to choose from and I'm pleased to say that my battery life hasn't been affected as others have reported. I charged my watch around 20 hours ago while using this face and still have 59% left now! I was a bit worried at first that the battery life would be negatively affected but clearly not an issue.  Looking forward to future updates :)
Really nice watch face. I usually only stick to the stock ones but this one is an exception. I love the sleek look and the customizable options available. Only issue that is very minor is that ever time I take my Moto 360 out of the charger, the options for the watchface screen comes up and I have to press the button to close it. Besides this, I highly recommend this
[UPDATE] Finally got it to install, and yeah it took a while for my watch to finally get it synced up, but it was worth the wait! Best watch-face available yet!  I've tried everything from restarting it and syncing the apps and it just isn't installing. I'll update this if it starts working!
I use Smartwatch 3, this watch face looks good on it. The color and B&W ambient mode is not working (always look plain white), is that SW3's limitation? or I configure something wrong? Please add option to disable the ticking square, on round watch it look good but on square watch not really.
The first time I saw this watch face was by someone from Oh! Media (Malaysia blog).. I just fall in love with this watch face.. I was looking for it since last 5 months, asking Android Authority, Oh! Media, my friends who used Moto 360 (I thought it's Moto 360 stock watch face) if they knew about this watch face.. But no one reply me.. And just a few days ago, as I was looking for a new watch faces, I bumped into this perfect watch face.. Quickly I registered my card and buy this watch face app. Thank you..
I find myself using this watch face the most on my moto 360 and it has worked out great! However, could the color change menu be a scroll menu instead of a tap to change? It becomes tedious to cycle through the options. Fix that, and it'll be perfect in my eyes!
I'm really picky and couldn't find a single watch face that I really liked until I found this one. I like the simplicity and font style. The only thing that would make it better is if it could show a random color on a dark background each time I checked my watch.
I've used this face the most versus the others, for the fact that it tells you what you need to know at a glance. Dates in faces (minus the full on customisable ones like Facer) are uncommon in the Store, and this is a great thing to have. For an experience the developer wants you to have, this is the best out there.
I really liked this one as a simple colourful watch face. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the battery and date indicators are too small. An option to make them bigger would be great.
Looks awesome, has plenty of options, uses more battery than the default faces, but not significantly. The minutes get covered up by notifs though
Using as a daily driver, love this watch face. Very stylish and great options. The only thing that could be improved is the "smooth" second bar, it certainly could be smoother. Just a minor gripe.
This watch face ruined all other watch faces for me , now this is the only one I use and can't find any other  face to replace it yet!
Cool looking app with a retro feel. Only suggestion would be to add the battery life of your phone as well. Didn't realize how much I used it on other watch faces.
I installed it but initially couldn't figure out how to customize... apparently you can tap on the face when you're in change face mode on your watch and there's a settings button. Clear instructions are needed I'd say in the details. But I've had a slight reduction in battery of almost 10-15%. My Moto 360 now lasts a couple hours less at the end of the day... not sure why, maybe the "smooth" second animation or using color in ambient mode
the battery life is abysmal. I was happy to finally be able to install it, but once I did, it burned through 30% battery in under half an hour.
Keep colors feature does not work with new moto 360 second gen. Waiting for an update to fix this and make a little faster. Overall good face. Please fix.
This watch face is awesome because it's stylish! it actually looks great on my Samsung Gear Live's square screen and the colors shine through well in sunlight while I was walking. This watch face comes with MANY options to change it's functionality and appearance, I prefer to have all options on, including battery life, and the date !  I like the default white text on the ambient screen, makes it easy to see in most lighting conditions. Great face added to my collection!
Beautiful watch face, with a large list of beautiful dazzling color options. I only wish it had the option of larger font size for the date and battery %age. With that fix/option, this would be a 5star face.
I installed the watch face, but unable to find it either on phone and on the watch... Would like to seek help. My watch versiin 5.1.1
The watch face didn't work at first but after getting the update it kinda rebooted and started working perfectly. I definitely recommend this watch face to anyone as it is really customizable and also really nice looking.
90% of the watch face I downloaded I ended up getting a refund or delete it right away after I tried, but not this one! Trendy and unique design, looks fantastic on the 2nd gen moto 360. It's gonna be on my watch permanently now :) thanks you! Hope to see more of your watch face soon in the future.
I don't know where can i find this watchface. No icon in app drawer either in Android wear. Please help
Really like this watch face, just hoping it doesnt drain the battery. Would also like the option to remove the seconds from around the edge. Maybe to increase the size of the time as well. Thanks
I love the watch face but would like the ability to set how notifications show (big/small/transparent) as the default of not transparent is annoying since it covers the time.
This has been my go-to watch face for AGES! I sometimes change to another but then five minutes later I am back at this one. Highly recommend if you're looking for a nice and simple, minimalistic watch face.
I really love this watch face. My only suggestion would be to add the option for the peek cards to be translucent so they don't hide the time.
I recommend definitely if you're looking for something simple yet customizable. Looks amazing on LG watch R
Sleek and stylish watch face. But I have uninstalled the app because the Ambient mode/Keep colors or B&W colors option doesn't seem to be working on my Moto 360 2nd gen. Please fix this!!
This is the watch face I always put on when I hit the night clubs =) would love a feature where you could define two or more main colors according to your clothing =)
It has a nice ands stylish look to it. I would prefer it to have an option for battery life and date in ambient mode. If you add that, if would be perfect and I will update review to 5 star.
Why does this watch face not show up on my watch? Ever since 2.0 allot of faces don't work. Please fix.
Love the design. I do wish the date was bigger with the ability to see it in ambient mode though.
The watch face looks fantastic on the moto 360, but I am unable to change the always on display settings. No matter what I select it goes monochrome on standby.
Very nice watch face, though I do have to complain that the setting to keep colors on ambient mode doesn't work on my moto 360 second gen. No matter which setting I put it on, it switches the colors to white while on ambient mode.
So loving the style of this face. If I had more thumbs I'd give it more than just two thumbs up
omg it would be so awesome if you guys also made a theme for custom launchers, that way the watch and phone can be truly in sync
Won't even let me "install the settings app"
Minimal, sleek and smooth! I like the almost stock feel it has to it.
Really cool design. Wish it was updated to support higher DPI watches available now.. The text is too small to read :/
Absolutely stunning. Love the format, colors, and customization options. Especially love the date and battery level being on the face. Excellent work!!!
Stands out from the usual set of watchfaces!
Moto 360 7B00
Is it work on smartwatch dz09  Or any app that works with dz09
Nice
The idea and color scheme are nice and I was pleased that the design compensates for the black bar at the bottom of the Moto 360. But once installed it looks kind of cartoon-ish and needs some finer detail. Installed it doesn't look as refined as in the sample pictures.
Won't let me change anything after upgrading to pro.  Uninstaller and refunded. .  I like the face but it won't give me access. . Tell me what I am doing wrong and I'll try again and re-create but it should be easier than that.....
I like that face but I've been trying to upgrade to Pro for days and it never works.  It says" error in the process " I never have this problem with other faces
I PAID FOR PRO BUT IT WON'T WORK.
Looks really nice on the LG urbane A bit different from the others. It's a good one for outdoor in sunny weather
Every time i try to upgrade to pro it says your order could not be processed. I have tried waiting a week and tried different credit cards all of which work fine with other watch faces. Please fix and I'll upgrade.
Most elegant I could find so far. I may even go premium! Only wish I could choose to add local temperature.
On Urbane 2 doesnt work -" suit and tie has stopped."
Would love to see the second watch face to show the time the next alarm is set for.  Would also love to see a top circle and a month dial.
You should not better offer such a free app when you make it so restricted.
Can't see it on my moto 360
Looks as good as a premium watch you would buy to wear to a special occasion
I cannot upgrade to the pro version..please need assistance
not gonna do it!
Must download!!
Where is problem not
Would not load to galaxy gear when installed
Good but pro should be free.
Good watchface
Okay
Thanks great fac
Free
Great face
Best ever
Love it
Loved it
Gr8
Beauty
looks nice and sharp on my moto
Keeps nagging me to upgrade. Several times an hour 24/7. It continues even after uninstalled. This is a big problem. If somebody knows how to block it, please let me know
I don't know about this watch its very cute&smart watch
Won't even sync to the watch
Going to us this for my interview
Aslam
Looks amazing love what it could do.  Please fix the Google fit implementation.  It does not update unless you reboot your watch.  I have it set to two min updates.  That is not useful when you can't get an accurate read on your data.  I will rate a 5 star when all the features I paid for works.
It installed very easily and looks awesome. It is hard on battery life and very sluggish. I have a ZenWatch 3. If this was fixed I'd give this 5 stars and maybe buy it. I'm not sure what is wrong because other very detailed faces work great!
Excellent! Face has a good resolution! Crisp!  But the lock which appears on right top doesn't work! I tap on it and the symbol turns to "locked" but still I m able to access ! Screen doesn't get locked!  Please let me know what that lock is for! And finally please find battery consumption! It gets drained rapidly
The faces themselves are great. But the uncontrollable promotion of other faces I should be buying as notifications periodically makes me want nothing to do with this product.
Love the look of the face, but had a hard time getting installed on my watch an still cannot get the step counter to work....to see my step I need to change to a different face watch....so I know it's the face or the user that has an issue.
While I really like the design I never realized how horrible it is on the watch battery. Some days I can only get 10 hours out of my new watch that is estimated to last 3 days.
Installed it for my wear24. Watch face didnt show up initially. But got fixed later after installing thru App on watch
Google fit data does not refresh or update been standing still all day
Works very well and I can see everything on the watch face.  Good customization. Needs better instructions for old people.
I liked the interface and hope for more colors
Different types styles
Good looking watch face
Thanks for all the great free faces!!!!!
Really good looking watch
Do not install. Drains the battery super quick and keeps the CPU usage up about 80-90 percent all the time. Also even though you can change the temperature unit it always shows it in Farenheit. Uninstalled.
What exactly did I pay for?Come on!! it does the same things on free version
This is not the first watch face pic I have purchased, but it is the first that will not download to my watch. So, valueless.
My favourite watch face, without a doubt. Fully featured and really good looking.
Best ever.I love it on my Moto 360 2nd Gen. Keep coming back it , time and again.
Too many ads on my phone even when not using the app! No thanks! Uninstalled.
I have purchased the premium version, but the app still shows buy premium. Pls help
Awesome!
Disappointed the developer does not respond to emails - especially when you've paid for the app. Reported problem with "needle" not lining up properly with current temp (nice concept, poor execution.)
I installed Fury Abdul paid for it and loved it but since resetting watch to factory defaults I am unable to get it back. Not showing on android app or watch. Loved the face just frustrated I can't get it back. Feel like I've lost my money. Would love to give 5 stars
Love this watch face but the phone battery indicator hasn't worked since install. If that worked I would give it a 5.  Update I found what was wrong so now happy to give 5.
Like the watch face quick question, the color bar on the outside between zero and 15 does it serve a purpose can I move it can I edit it ? so the little marks between the 5055 the five the 10 to 20 to 25 to 35 to 40 are they supposed to be cards or something that we can edit?
I use to really like this watchface, but recently it continues to reset the colors back to gray. It's just irritating. Don't waist your time or money.
2 things 1 can't do a thing with this app. 2 who can a person take this app in good faith when they can't even get the name right for the DIAL. It is called a file not a face. Yes I really am a watch maker.
Been using some RichFace designs for a while now.  Today this one displayed a notification ad that surprised me.  Not a fan of apps doing this at all.  Sorry might not use anymore RichFace designs after this.
Not able to fury watch face to watch. And I do have 2.0 version
I am using my mobile Samsung S7, I have downloaded and installed the app, but cannot find it appear on my watch - LG Model W150.
Total rip off. Bought premium, but found out that, you had to buy several premium packages to open it all.
Looks great and love the complications,but needs to have a method to zoom the screen for us with watches that already have numbered bezel. Having double numbered bezels is redundant
Good face, but when chosing external complications - they are not centered in their small windows ... Might be also good to have more colors available
Lovely looking watchface it looks brilliant, love the ability to change settings on the watch itself for different colours and settings rather than need the phone. Well designed
Paid for premium and not working.....l ripoff....still shows free version will delete and stay away from these
Google fit sync seems to have an issue on g watch r with wear 2.0. Update fixed it - thanks!  Nice Watchface.
Update on watch finally got it to work will update again after i use it for a while
Got it working after following advice from quick reaonse from RichFace and it works.  Awesome watch face and so much customization available
Battery indicators and weather stopped working after 2 weeks.
For users that wear their watch around their neck like a necklace, add chest hair templates. If you need any help, I've got a lot of chest hair that I can photograph under different lighting and send it to you.
I've installed on both galaxy phone and LG G w, nothing is showing in the app draw on my phone and on the watch I only have one face, there are no options on both phone or watch to change the skin tone, I can see app is installed on watch but there is nothing showing in the app list on watch ether, only options I have is to force close uninstall etc, real fed up as I paid for full version as watch face is no where near like my rist, there are no options on the face ether so basically paid for a watch face that looks nothing like what it should do.
It won't let me use pictures taken either live or from the gallery of my LG G4 and moto 360 2, fix that and you get a 5 ;)
elle fonctionne impec et ça fait marrer tout le monde. moi j'aime beaucoup. 😁
My kids think my watch is transparent.
Makes my moto 360 2nd gen look a bit cheap and childish
I have full tattoo sleeve on my arm if I could take photo with my smart phone and use that would be ideal nice idea tho but did not work for me.
Старые добрые классические часы с плавной анимированной секундной стрелкой, что большая редкость.
but is of limited use to me. My biggest issue is ambient mode. (Ambient mode is designed to save your battery by turning off pixels, animations, and prevent screen burnout.) The ambient mode on this watch simply freezes the mostly-white screen, raising my concerns for pixel burnout. Overall excellent artwork and a beautiful watch but I will probably not use it until ambient mode issues are addressed.
It is really a classic watch ⌚ but it may awesome if it displays date also...😄
One of the better looking watch faces that I've downloaded
Poor quality.
Best classic watch I found so far
Moto 360
Love the watch face wish it showed the date
Nice Classic watch face..  Definitely recommend..
Add date
Really nice watch face, but the ambient mode looks like it will use too much battery.  My moto360 face was still highly illuminated in the ambient mode, otherwise a really beautiful watch face.
Not working with sony smartwatch mn2, plz fix it for 5 star!
Price of classic (R...
Nice.
Watch
I love this apps
It's animated and gorgeous. But the speeds settings don't stick. The rapid fire ads in setup are exceptionally annoying. I'd pay to rid them. Sometimes earth vanishes.  Sometimes digital time shows (even though it's off in settings). No time on dim screen.  I wish i could adjust the time before dim to 30, sec., as in Tourbibling. Fix all this for 5 stars. Stock T-mobile Note5 to Tag Heuer Connected.
Won't even load, doesn't work for me or any of my friends who've downloaded it.

I downloud  this . But not working  .so bad
I'm using an honour 7, downloaded it only gives an option of uninstall, not open so this is exactly what I'll be doing!!
Not work dont download
It doesn't work
It's a stunning face, but doesn't work well on Moto 360.
Cannot open it

Really co Ol!
Great!
Good
Only wallpaper?
Yes
Not working
LIVE EARTH
chalu hona
Love
Ok
Excellent
Goid
Not
Nice
I have uninstalled and reinstalled this watch face, but every time I try to enter the settings it crashes. It's a nice face so I'm disappointed in this fact.
Updated settings for earth live watch a second time but now it says error getting config please exit reinstalled and does the same earth planet vanished from watch face.please fix then five stars.
Unable to enter settings. Says I need to make sure watchface is running on the  watch, wich it is. And what's with the avalanche of adds? I understand one add it top or bottom. But to have atleast three full screen adds in succession is just not cool.
Not good at all
Foolish app
Earth global
I think can make it big

Useless app
Good HD
It is very usefull
Every good
Suresh
I'm in love😂😂😄😍
Nice
Good
absolutely love the updates, mmmore watch faces pls))
The hour hand is way too big and just looks goofy. Also the option to change the colors doesn't work for LG g-watch R. Can I please get a refund?
I love this watch face and the colors are so much fun. Perhaps the second hand could have option to be sleeping or ticking every second. A date addition would be nice option as well.
It works for about 5 seconds but then keeps failing on my lg g watch r
This was a nice feature untill it stopped working. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and still does not work. This is not worth it if it stops working. This was on the note edge. I will change this review once this problem is repaired. Also very hard to contact the programmer to let them know about this problem because i do not use facebook.
Just what I've been looking for. Now please make some similar ones so I can switch it up. Something more like Stuhrling watches.
This was working fine but stopped working after lollipop update on moto 360.  Please update
Update or refund.
Since the last update it no longer works.
It looked bad . refunded
Good lovely
Good
I might be biased, but this is the best looking, evar!
Great face but i can't customize it without the app crashing
Would be nice if I could change the time format..
Had to reinstall because of the 5.1 update and now can't log in at all, even with the official Swarm app installed. Need to fix the OAuth link or else people will never be able to install this as a new app.
Really good app for swarm users like me, but it could be improved: when we are in a place with a high density of places, downtown for instance, it is rare I find the place I actually am. So I have to check-in from my phone and I loose the interest of the app. So two ways of improving it: maybe configure from the phone the number of places we want to see., And even more powerful: add vocal search in the watch app :) Good job anyway, I use it every day !
This app is everything I was looking for when using my Moto360.  This makes checking in less of a task now and makes me want to use my foursquare account a lot more!  I really recommend getting this app if you have a android wear device and use swarm.
The app should sort the venues list on the watch by the amounts of own check ins in the past. By that, once could easily access regular venues.
No longer functions on LGWR since update.
Great app but it needs the option to post to twitter as well when you check in.
Junk not working anymore
Working great, but lacks option to check in somebody besides you.
Moto 360 issue fixed!
Awesome
This app used to work great but now all I get is check in failed using a moto X 2014 paired with a g watch. Please fix for higher rating.
Thank you for adding the social medial to this sweet app , but can we have the option to turn off social media while checking in. Sometimes I want to post FB and Twitter sometimes I don't.
works great on my SW3
After UI change for 360, it seems square watch users got thrown under the bus.  I still can't check into "private" venues (like homes).  It would also be nice if the location icons were cached, as it seems they are loaded every time I see a specific place type. Fix it please.
Followed instructions and continues to fail
I've downloaded the app, and at first it worked fine, I could check into a location via the app.  then I went to a different location, and wanted to check in, but the location list would not update, no matter what I'm doing
Checks in fine, but needs options to leave comments on checkins as well as tagging friends and adding stickers.
I suggested a feature to the developer, and they added it in a few days
I really like having this app, because I was getting used to being able to check in on Foursquare via my Pebble, so this lets me keep rolling with that. The developer has been responsive, and improving when the app posts new cards to the notification stack so it is not as intrusive as it was at first.
would be much better if it wouldn't be so talkative. I really don't need to know what's going around me every 15 minutes when I'm sitting in my office.... Location change awareness would be nice. And it would be nice to see places I have checked in previously at the top if the list... Including privat places (like for me my home.... So I can check in and my flatmates know I am home... I still need to do that with my phone...)
App works as described. The settings for only notifying if you've moved a certain distance are a nice fix from the previous version. Next up, auto share checking to Facebook and It will be exactly what I'm looking for!
This is a good start but , still a bit too aggressive on the cards. I look forward to a future update that is less aggressive. I'm excited about this app and with some tweaks, I think it would be one of my most heavily used AndroidWear apps.  Some feedback:  - If I dismiss the notifications from the watch or phone, I don't want to see it again in that location.  - I don't want to see them while I'm walking (which is happening frequently during my 20-30 min walks in NYC)  - If I've checked in, using this app or the official SWARM app, I don't want to see cards while I'm at that location.  - I mostly want to see it when I have arrived at a new place.
If I could change one thing it would be the frequency the card appears on my watch. Ideally, it'd only show up after I've been moving/driving and reach my destination and/or every 4-6 hours.  Edit: Read your response. Might I suggest as a work-around... after the user checks in somewhere, mute notifications sent to the watch for at least an hour. I rarely find I check into multiple places in that timeframe. Or perhaps add it as a user defined option... "Mute notifications for X hours after most recent check-in."
Not really sure the point in this I seem to have to open the app on my phone in order to check in.   Doesn't have a check in option on  the watch
I hope that in the future you can choose that it will also post it directly to Twitter or Facebook if you would check in.
Need ability to search for places directly from the watch then check in. At this point, have to launch the app then it'll show places on watch.
Good job
Annoying alerts are always popping up on the phone even when you tick the box to have them on the watch too. Strangely nothing ever pops up on the watch and you have to manually launch app
Seems to constantly want to check in when it is least convenient
I think this app is a great start. However, BeeWear app is by far a much better app with a significant amount of control on sensitivity, proximity and more controlled card notifications.
Worked literally once.
Hangs :(
Super
Totaly waste of money, it just says installed, but no icon on the screen to open the app.
The second hand needs to be smooth. The real Gear S2 watchface looks better simply because of that. Once it's added, it'll be just about perfect.
Showed up in less than 1 minute on my Moto360 looks awesome thanx
How does I access this in my watch or phone?
How to use this app? Plz tell
Can't find it! Where is it?
It was free so idc
Excellent!
It says gear s2 but when u buy it doesnt work not good at all.
Boo.  Waste
I couldn't get it to launch
Cool watch face...i like it...!!!
Love It
Won't load on my moto360.  Have waited almost a full day for it to appear on android wear and still has not shown up
Lovely design. Works as stated on my Moto 360. And the developer is very helpful too. Highly recommended
That's a cool watch face !!!
so cool 😆 love it
Good when screen active. Unfortunately, when "always on" active, indicators an numbers shrink, leaving a big bezel on screen. Lg watch urbane.
Very classy look, nice and simple ambient mode. Thank you dev for fixing the ambient mode bug on moto :)
Timeless look and feel! Looking forward for new features!
Good looking. But need setting page. At least for adjusting brightness for standby/ambient mode
It looks amazing! Best analog watch face Android Wear
Classic!
Good
Love it

Love the different styles you can choose from. Great watch face.
Continually force closes.
This watch face did nothing but crash on my huawei watch 😂
Doesnt work on my Tag connected..
Constantly force closes...
Nice watch face. When you change the colors make sure you press the "ok" button on the bottom right
Awesome and highly customizable.  Love it!  My favorite watch face,!
if you buy the watch face why would you have to pay to make it prime, you all ready paid for the watch, it's like buying a car then they need to charge extra for the motor ridiculous. I would not recommend. does not work with Samsung frontear
Best
Doesn't work... Says it's working, records nothing. How far did I run? How fast? I have no idea, because it doesn't work.
Truly free and open source. Has all the functionality I want from this App and more! Even works with my old Pebble classic watch!! Thank you developer!!! 🙏 🌷 💐
Sync to services, compatible with many HR sensors,  HR zone target with insistent "speed up/slow down" audio cues and lot of settings, absolutely free and without ads.
Does real-time lap pace for tempo runs! Links to so many other apps!
Eddig jó, a Google Fit csatlakozás sajnos nekem nem megy
It does everything you need and more
Finally I own my workout data
Was great, this update broke the heart rate tracker... Literally the only reason I use this app. It'll tell you if you're below but not above target HR... Also history only shows everything in zone 0... I want to roll back to the last version... Anyone know how?
Good basic run tracking app w/o requiring online user accounts and w/o advertisement. The distance tracking errs on being roughly 10% over actual on my device. There seems to be a bug calculating time when tracking through AM / PM transition.
is the Google fit upload broken? otherwise very good app, works on very old device(2.3) too
It is a great app. Did you think about adding a metronome for cadence (runzi like)? This would make it the perfect running tool. Thank you in advance!
Very accurate gps running app for showing my top sprinting speed on the Galaxy S5. If you can run 20+ MPH, the lines are little or none jagged.  It would be great if there was a max speed and instantaneous speed reading rather than just average pace without pausing to look at the pace graph.
This is one of the best apps for long distance training. I use it to train for my 5K runs.
Hope in next update add feature follow route, add or import route from gpx file and display it Pebble.. Thanks developer..
Everything you need while running...customisible audio cues, heart rate, and direct upload to Strava.
Poor.. always its getting pause.. No count
Great app! Can we get round icon for 7.1.2?
Fantastic keep updates
This could be the perfect tracking up for runners. Endlessly customizable to your training, no nonsense, no rape of your privacy "in the cloud", lots of upload options. But the recorded tracks appear as very jaggy lines with no detail whatsoever, you only get a very rough idea were you ran. This is a known issue to the developer and has been reported several times in the GitHub of RunnerUp. Until this is fixed, I simply cannot recommend this app. Which is a shame because RunnerUp has everything to become THE app for tracking runs. Except that the core functionality, recording runs, is broken. I would love to be able to use and RELY on RunnerUp.
My go to fitness tracker on my phone. Love the sync with other services.
Used to love it but now can't detect my polar h7. Please fix.
Good job
It's a nice app, but the distance tracking algorithm logs significantly less distance if I'm running slower on a very regular course that should consistently be the same distance.  Running on mountain courses also seems to log far less than the actual distance, but that's probably a limitation of GPS, since phones don't come with altimeters to measure elevation changes.  So this is mostly useful as a stopwatch and workout tracker for time, not so useful for distance and pace.
I really really want this to be my primary running app, but the distance accuracy is way out for me. A 7.5km run gets logged as 9.3km. it's happened 4 times now, so doesn't seem to be a glitch. Haven't noticed anyone else with such a big discrepancy so maybe it's just me, but everything's on default settings so not sure what it is, but it makes the app unusable for me sadly.
Great app, no ads, support creating interval workouts.
I love the idea of this app, but it's not ready to replace the big time run tracking services yet.  I was able to connect to RunnerUp to my RunKeeper, Endomondo, Runtastic, and Google Fit accounts, but the app crashed every time I tried logging in to my Strava account and constantly re-promted me for credentials when I tried tying it to my MapMyRun account. The UI isn't pretty, but it gets the job done.  I just wish there were a "treadmill mode" - a way to record activity without a GPS (which would allow heart rate capture), and then manually define the your Miles Traveled before saving (and publishing) your activity. There's a lot of promise here, it just doesn't quite deliver yet.  (For what it's worth, I'd absolutely be willing to pay for the app if it were a little more stable and if it worked with MapMyRun.)
Great app. Great features. It has all the versatility I couldn't find on the free apps by the big players. I wanted to configure the audio cues in more specific ways and this app has everything I needed.
No adds. Takes a little time to navigate through and learn but the best I've ever used
Best running up with no ads or other crap
Good no adds, plenty of controls.
Dude. The design sucks. Fix it and then we can contribute
Great App, love the voice feedback
I've tried all the big running apps but none (even when premium) offer the level of customisation I'm looking for with my interval training. The gui may not be pretty, but it does everything I need.
Functionality-wise it's the best app for running. It has features that even some of the expensive / premium apps don't. Not only it's free, it can easily syncs to other services (garmin Connect, strava, you name it..)
Pulse Heart Rate Monitor H7 works w S6. Improvement suggestions: 1. add altitude graph and statistics. 2. Show major statistics (current and avg time/speed/dist/hart rate) in big chars while running.
It's too bad accurate data of map trace and graph after change map.
Closest thing to runmeter I could find for Android. I tried RunKeeper, and runtastic, both of which charge a lot for the premium version. Neither of which works well enough for me. Runtastic is integrated with Google Earth, which is nice. But I couldn't get it to work with my heart rate monitor.
I love the app but am finding the GPS is not accurate and adds little zigzags to my run, enjoy that a short run of 3.5 km is off by 250 m or so.
Great simple app. Does everything I need in a running app with out the stuff i don't need.  It has voice feedback, auto pause, lap times, map, manual entry when you want the audio or distance cues or etc.  Great app, highly recommended!
Gathers data flawlessly and synchrizes with all the fitness sites I use.
Paid for this, downloaded and installed and it took 3 days for it to appear on my SW3 and the latest version of Android Gear. Both screens DO look brilliant and hope the selection will be expanded in the future - Vader? Stormtrooper? BB8?
**Update: On Jan. 2nd I got a message saying that this watch face has been installed. Well thats fine but it took a few weeks to show up. I even power reset phone and watch when it didn't work. Anyways, it's working... now. Changed 2 stars to 4 stars.** This watch faces doesn't seem to work on my Moto 360 v2 (2015 model). It says it's installed but doesn't show up in the watch faces menu on my watch and phone. I've reset and waited, but nothing. Noticed this watch face app hasn't been updated since August.
I couldnt imagine a better seemless rendition of the r2 droid.It looks great on my moto360 1gen. Keep up the solid work dev.
Works great and looks very cool on the original Moto 360, especially the R2D2 face with the stainless steel body & grey leather strap. Will defo buy from developer again. Highly recommended. Thanks.
Bought watch face, but cannot find it anywhere. Anyone help?
It's ok but we need Darth Vader and boba fet
Even better if watch face showing date.
Any chance of a BB8 style face?
Doesnt work on Sony smart watch 2
Good little face
DID NOT WORK ON SAMSUNG S5 & SAMSUNG GEAR NEO!
No 12 hour mode.
Die horlosie blerrie werk nie.
works as promised, no fuss no crap just plain awesome
Love all of it. Just needs a way to toggle smooth seconds
poor color
My favorite watch face. I'd love to see more from this developer. The only thing I wish it had is a (weather) temperature.
Nice
Not appear on Sony SmartWatch 3
Reminiscent of The Matrix. Green works best in terms of looks and visibility.
Love color
Ignore all negative reviews, true it doesn't show up at first and took longer than 5-10 minutes like some have said but trust me, I'm on wear 2.0 with a moto 360 & it did arrive after a few hours much to my delight   If you've gotten this far you did the graphic, so no need to talk about how great it is.
Great looking watch face. No issues on my moto360. I do want to be able to change the time format from 24hrs to 12hrs. Also a date option would be nice. More settings other than the 3 colors. Dope tho
At first doesnt show on phone...after 5-10 minutes shows up in your Adroid Wear Options with Blue, Pink and Green...  Love it!!!
Doesn't show up in the watch face option even though it's installed.
The bape face does not appear on the watch or the android wear app?, help
It's Ok. Needs to be able to let me change to 12-hr clock. Also, the seconds "bar" should be for battery level. At least give me the option to change it. Thx
Got it to show up on my phone then put it on my watch but only stayed for 30sec then the watch went back to a different one and now I can't find it to put it back
Would prefer an option to change from 24 hour to 12. Other then that. Beautiful!
Been waiting for a really good camo watch face and nobody better to do it than bape!!
This doesn't load at first, but after a couple minutes, awesome.
Works as well as a wet paper towel blocking a punch
Doesn't show up on my Android Wear App, my phone, or my android watch
It is not showing up on my watch using the latest firmware for Android wear 2.0
Won't show up on android wear 2.0
Showed up within a few minutes awesome design
Could use a 12hr time setting.
Not even showing up
Doesn't show at all?
Doesn't work
No 12hr clock, seriously?
Looks great and works great. Only issue is no 12 hour time.
Not working at all
This app works just fine and  looks great
Waist of my time
Needs More Functionality
Amazing!!
Finally..........a excellent face
Looks cool
Horrible
Not use to military time, good way to learn. Cool though
It's not showing its a app neither is it showing on as a wallpaper Fix this people!!!!
This watch face does not line up properly on Moto 360. It drops halfway down the watch face area. I don' t have this problem with any other watch face.
I love this watch, it looks really nice! I like to pick a new colour scheme every day. Plenty of reuse, well worth the $1.50!
I liked it
I would give 5 stars if you could see every word written in the text on the watch and in the app I wear glasses and still can't see please developer fix it nice watch face
Love it, but would be great if there is more functionality rather than just a single field/complication. Extra fields of interaction would be great.
Could look a little better on my square watch but is still one of my standard go to faces
date is a bit small and would be good if could remove month thanks
Some colour presets and a way to save custom presets would be great.
Nice watch face.  Now my daily driver.
Love this watch face, especially on the huawei vs moto 360.  A little more customization and it would be perfect. (Ex.pick order/be able to remove certain activities in the widget)
Not many watch faces offer an HD experience. This one takes it to a whole new level. Everything looks so crisp on my moto 360! Great work!!
I own 3 watch faces by this developer and they are all great. I'm switching all the time, but I tend to go toward Core the most.  I think it looks best with the MOTO 360.
Just downloaded the watch face and seems cool.  Standby for future review
I could use my college colors...maize and blue...guess who...a great face
I just wish weather would show in ambient mode. I also wish I could tap and get a weather forecast. Glad to have 12hr mode and Fahrenheit. Overall very nice.
Thanks for including Fahrenheit and 12 hour mode.
Amazing superb look. great job thanks.
Great concept, but ineffectually executed. The altimeter function does not always work and there are no customization options to change from meters to feet. Also the time setting is in military and cannot change to standard.  This would be the perfect watch face if these items were addressed
Very awkward to get sunrise/set, moonrise/set. It's strangely affected by whether always-on is selected.  If Always-on is not selected on the watch, only sunrise is given when one taps to see the face. To get the other 3 times, you need always-on selected, and then to see the different times, you need to tap and allow to disappear (except for the current time which remains in ambient mode) and then retap to get another of the rise/set times. Repeated tapping while in bright mode doesn't help; it stays on the same datum.  The watch should allow a setting for how long it remains in bright mode, and then also cycle through the four rise/set times during that interval. Better yet, show all four rise/set times simultaneously.  Moon phase would be appreciated also. There's room, especially on a rectangular face.
The face looks great on my LG G Watch R. However, it is missing 2 crucial things: 12/24 h option for the main time and the option to show in the bottom display UTC time (In 12/24h independent of the main time display type)
Come on guys have some common sense and put a 12 hr function on it ffs
Init UI error when trying to use settings on the watch. Compass and altimeter have never worked. I'm on a Moto 360. Thumbs up for this purchase :)
i know it's a military style face , but give me the option of 12hr mode. otherwise it's useless to me half of the day. great design otherwise.
Very unreliable compass it keeps spinning. In not looking for an Aviation certified compass ... But at least show me the general direction!
Would be nice if you could change between the Date, Altimeter and Steps interactively, verses requiring the user to go into the android wear app.
Its nice but it looks like a cheap copy of my SUUNTO CORE BLACK. Surprised SUUNTO haven't ask for removal of this app.
When can we expect an option to change from metric to English?  When I contacted you several weeks ago you told me it would be in the update that you were going to realease in a week or two. Its been over 6 weeks. Just wondering. UPDATE. Still no reply from developer. Beware there is no option for English in both meter to feet,and 24 hour to 12 hour.
Thank you very much! Beautiful watch face! Please make North with Red color. Option for Altimeter, Compass and running time together. Thank you again. LG-R.
Looks cool like it a lot, would be 5 star if it wouldn't cause my screen to keep flashing when on charge on my moto 360...and maybe a 12hr option..   :)
Nothing works about this watchface. I wish I could get my dollar back.
This watch face is too hard to install on my motor 360. If someone could help me with some tips....
Great looking tactical watch face.
Plz give us the option to use 12th.
Make it in watchmaker pro. I'm sure you will make a killer watch. Grtz
Colour customisation would be 5⭐s
Keep up the great work.
When will you fix this ?
It is a pety that ther is no magnetometer/compass in the Huawei Watch :-(
Nice face but kill battery!!
Looks good, freezes LG Urbane
I like it but I would prefer to see everything on one screen
Not working Moto 360 2nd for Altimeter and compas!!!!!!!!! Pls pay back $0.99!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needs more options
Wish the dial was clearer and sharper.
Really like this face...
Great design.
Awesome face.
Its actually worth 99p I only wish you could have the compass with the time and date together and not just one or the other
Nice watch face . Just wish compass an altimeter could be together.
Very cheap looking....graphics are small and fuzzy. Didn't even work right. I made my own and got my money back. You should think about that before buying
Can't change function from the face makes it useless. Needs imperial measurement options not just metric. Make it interactive and able to change colors I'll rebut and rate 5*
Bought this and realized I don't want it at all. But there is no option to refund it after unInstalling it?
FIX FOR MISSING WATCHFACE! Also: if you need the settings (like for weather, location, etc.) for the watchface and can't find the settings app, it's because they've updated it and it's now accessed by tapping the gear on the watchface in the Android Wear app when the watchface is current and working. Different phones work differently with apks so for reference I have a Moto Z Play Droid upgraded to Android 7.0.0 Nougat. Worked fine at first but then stopped showing up.. re-Edited UPDATE: Soo I got it to come back.. the only way was by MAKING SIRE it was Gone from the watch (&phone) by checking it's storage From it's settings in the Android Wear app, restarting both, and cleanly re-installing the app, followed by keeping the "normal moto" watchface from sleeping until (the only way to enable this thing) pops up; a notification saying you have a new watchface and to tap to enable it.
Can I have my money back please? This clearly doesn't show up on the moto 360, as stated numerous times by other victims.
Was awesome with lolipop but when I upgraded to a marshmallow phone it no longer syncs the phones battery and weather. Would be a 5 if they fixed that.
Great watch
I really like it, but I wish there were more color options. I'd like a pip boy green color and perhaps even orange. Still very cool and works well on my gen 1 moto360.
Absolutely zero customization and the weather app part doesn't work.
Works well. I would like more customization.
Phone battery no work any more for recent version
It's cannot pair with my Moto 360, this face not appear in Android wear window.. Please help
Thanks
I've been wanting a watch face that delivers all useful information at a glance while looking sleek. The V02 completely delivers. I've heard other people complain about this app draining the battery life. Honestly, I primarily use the the watch to check the time and date (imagine that.) I can usually Make it to the end of the day and have about 20% battery life.  While it's nice to get free apps, I don't mind paying for a good product.
Worked well for a while then temp stopped showing.
Nice useful watch face,  just need time to be a bit bigger so I can see when training..
It's sleek and cool looking, I get a lot of compliments on it.
Very nice.
Since last Android Wear update the face essentially ignores the phone. No weather or phone battery info displays. Using Moto 360 1st gen. Did uninstall and reinstall, same issue
Looks great, but notable battery drainage over other faces.
Cool watch face, but drains the battery on my Moto 360 too fast. Unusable until this is fixed.
Wish I could change colors rather than having to buy another watch face =/
Was 6 stars till last update now drains battery way too fast
I was an idiot and originally rated as a rip off... my mistake awesome watch face. Didn't know it took a moment to get to the watch. Sorry about that
That's what my watch says when people see it. Changed 'Okay Google' to.. Hello Jarvis for kicks.
Great watch face. Easy too use, displays all of the data you need in an easy to read, stylish design
Very smooth and great performing watch face.
One of my Favorite go too faces now.
This watch face has easily become my favorite. It's technically beautiful to look at and the layout provides all the relevant information in an easy to read format.
Crashes anytime I attempt to use it
One of the best watch faces out there however would be nice if you could change from the blue would love it in red
Super op de moto 360!
Great face but weather is off by 7 degrees
Nice face
Really decent
Looks amazing and the info it gives is just outstanding.
I love the watch face and all the information it provides. The HUGE problem is that it drains the battery on my Moto 360 terribly. Battery barely lasts a half day.
Garbage waste of money.  Can't do anything with it. Going to delete. Don't waste your time buying this
Decent watch face. But as others have stated, the weather / temperature is way off.
Want ability to change color and what information is displayed. Instead of date maybe able to choose wind speed or something. Also, ambiant mode, be better if it was b&w
Definitely would have been five stars if u could change the color of watch display...
Depend on a smart step-son to get me through the Tech stuff.
Xcellent on my Moto 360
1+2*3=7 but this app says it is 9. This might be OK for some people bit not me.
Nice, simple, works great.
This design could do with different colours of hour and minute hand. Still the most classy design on the play store.
Awesome but...
Upgrade to cloud lift time pro is not available pls add option
No words, just great.
I'm really tired of the issue with syncing folders which I've not chose to sync in the first place, looks like the app is acting on it's own. Am I really paying money for this kind of non sense? Please fix this issue. I don't want to spare any more of my money to this.
When I first used this app about two years ago, it gave me 50 gb of free storage. It bugged me to upgrade here and there but other than that it was cool. So I decided to use this app as my cloud drive, I put EVERYTHING important on it. All of my pics from 5 phones, music from those 5 phones and important documents. I didn't use the app for about 3 months, then about a week ago, I logged in and ALL OF MY FILES WERE DELETED! they decided to change the free storage amount to only 5 gb.
You need to fix the sort folder because it keep changing evertime i   go in and out a folder and when you have lots of folder to deal with it, it become a pain trying repeat the same step sort to A-Z etc...you need to make the sort permanent not temporary. yes its a real pain i have repeat it every time i go in and out of folder...   Updates: i sort A-Z and when i go in and out of folder modified files it sort to oldest, its frustrating..i have to repeat everytime as mention on my previous comment. can you fix it please, make it a permanent sort thanks.
BUGGY ++ Photos tab then Tags, then #People: thumbnails are all missing! Even if I leave app open for a long time, nothing changes. ++ I'd use the app every day if it had favorites so I could show off certain photos quickly.
There are some bugs here and there. The sync is not instantaneous like dropbox and the app often struggles with large file upload. But the desktop app comes with windows 10 and works okay. I have office 365 and overall the experience is quite seamless.
Great app for keeping files straight and addressing one drive, one thing is like to see is the ability to steam video to Windows Media servers. It works with Chromecast, but not Microsoft's own stuff. Still, 9 out of 10.
It is rubbish now when I go for upload a file it is not uploading. A msg give below "turn on documents in setting&gt;installed app first" what it is pls tell me what to do...
It's a broken mess and only keeps getting worse. Use to be so good now it's just a money grab with continuously asking to upgrade to premium.
Phenomenal   I am able to multi-task, by editing assignments, using PowerPoint and writing in Word!! I wish I had this the beginning of my Masters program, it would have saved me a lot of stress and headache!
Every time I open it I have to sign in. Every time I try and manage the photos I have to sign  in again. It's a pain. To bad!!!! That goes for both my phone, Galaxy S8 and HP Spectre windows 10 laptop!
Word is fantastic if you write its a must , there is so much now you can do anything, I don't like been forced to do things but if you want to protect those pics its a must  besides its not too much and you get so much,  its worth it for word a alone.
After the latest update, application freezes all the time, pictures refuse to upload or show. Please fix. It worked well on my Galaxy S6 before this latest update.
Syncs well. Makes content available offline better than Google sync. Was using other apps over this... Now I use only one drive and Dropbox.. Both are the best.
can sometimes be difficult  to maneuver, and syncing music is a nightmare because you have to individually select every song and make sure it uploads
Best Cloud Storage Ever.. Please Add more Features Options. Like: 3-4 Change Folder Design, Colour Changes, & Add 2 Personal Account etc.
It will not sync with my computer like it says.  I'm so fed up with it now I'm ready to uninstall.  WORTHLESS@
The most irritating thing about this app is definitely the fact that it absolutely will NOT automatically sync, like it is supposed to.  I used to use DropBox to sync my pictures from my phone, until the few gigabytes of free space was filled and I decided to switch to OneDrive because it offered more space for the money when paying (at the time). OneDrive lumps all of the folders I sync that contain pictures into one big group, rather than keeping them separated and foldered (as DB did) and it absolutely refuses to sync on it own (as DB did). I have it set to sync whether on wifi or mobile, whether it's charging or not, and my phone's Sync setting is turned on. I even have OneDrive set to be ignored by the device monitor so it won't be closed or impeded in the background, and STILL the pictures from the chosen folders only sync when I actually open the app and go to the pictures tab, and only if the phone is charging! WHY are the settings even there if they aren't really going to apply?!? Since the price and data amount I originally started with (the whole reason I switched services) no longer exist for new customers, I would certainly recommend going with DropBox instead...
Photos section needs a lot of work, if like to see it in a separate app. It's slow and not smooth to scroll, you can't change the thumbnail size. - update you can now jump to dates in the photo app! 3 🌟
The "sites" portion that links to SharePoint directories doesn't update properly when new files are added or edited.
I am suddenly being blocked from accessing onedrive on mySamsung Tablet. Accessing with my S5 is good.  What gives?
It can't show the new files that I had uploaded to the OneDrive of Office 365, even after a week and re-login, the files still cannot be shown. But the browser version of OneDrive can. This app sucks.
The app no longer works on my Samsung. You can add photos, but you can only see them on a compter or laptop. This needs to be fixed!
Keep asking me to reconfigure and to log in on my computer which is very annoying apart from that I like it
My subcription was error...the storage capacity does not upgrades..and the app become unstable and it always ask needs to close..
I used to hate One drive as a storage service. Now I love it. It has improved so much from before.
Can't share something to someone who didn't have Microsoft Account... make in-app PDF editor options more professional...
Cannot access multiple Onedrive accounts from app. So its useless!!
Rubbish. Does absolutely nothing whatsoever
I have 2 hotmail accounts. As I used Onedrive only on one account this app worked smoothly. Then I activated Onedrive for my other hotmail account. And now this app won't let me switch to my older/other Onedrive account. At login I signed in with my older account and its password, but it won't let me log in. But when I sign in with my other/newer account, it works fine. But I need to log in to my older account!   HELP!!!
I don't like trials I should not forget to cancel. I am completely happy with my Google
I always have my phone with me (who doesn't!!); when I am out feeding the horses sometimes there are some beautiful shots and I am delighted to be able to take them on my phone,  then have them seamlessly appear on my computer for permanent storage.
Poor app.. cant control what u upload. The app doesnt permit to delete albums auto created. No privacy
I myself have been using OneDrive for quite long now, and I can say I'm almost enjoying as much as Google Drive app. Microsoft is serious about using Android as a platform to promote all of it's services and I'm happy they're delivering on that.
This app is very good if you have it on lots of devices, but if you are uploading lots of items and you do something wrong, it is very hard to fix because all the uploads are mixed in together especially if they are all one type of file
Auto upload photos don't work for O365 accounts .. why ??
Hands down the best working cloud app on the market regardless of if you're an Android person, a Windows person or a Apple person. Seamless integration with Microsoft office makes it feel like your cloud is actually right on your device!
Camera upload saved me from importing photos to my PC every time. Thank you Microsoft
I just updsted to 5.4 but i still see no new filtering options or the ability to crop photos
Please help me
OLD clock

SHO  YAMOTO
Seems ok at first use, but when using the stopwatch the numbers aren't a fixed width so the display wibbles about when a 1 is displayed. That's a pretty basic thing to get wrong and is really annoying.  It would be nice to set the ambient brightness also. And be able to turn off the indicators
I have a tag connected. Cant understand how to view fitness, steps, HR,.. and why there is a menu and prev and next buttons when they do nothing.
Great watchface. I love the look and functionality Only thing stopping a 5 star review is that the digital second time display won't hold a timezone and keeps reverting to local time
Can't recommend for ZenWatch 2. The guard watch face menu doesn't appear. If its a configuration setting, it's not obvious.
Works great on moto360. Had an issue with the weather. Was related to another app hijacking weather queries. Fixed now. I have multiple faces by this company and all of them are in my rotation.
ZenWatch 2 Weather was wrong.  No integration with fitness other than Google.  Interactive are not customizable with normal watch functions timer, stopwatch, watch battery, waste of my money.
Like the face but until it allows you to select other apps and not just google apps it's pretty but useless
This is the only watchface that truly disappointed me! I bought the premium and know all of the troubleshooting methods for Richface watchface's. This one is not interactive and the "next" and "prev" buttons did not function. I really would like a refund for this watchface.
Everytime the time zone I set for digital clock goes away by itself and I have to reset it. Very irritating
I am not able to adjust digital time to another time zone. After selection , time remain same on watch.
Paid for the premium version and worked flawlessly on my lg watch urbane and galaxy s7. However will not work on my note 8 paired with my lg watch urbane please fix and will give 5 stars again
No functionality on fossil watch. Can't scroll to fit data or any other functions.
I absolutely hate the noisy promotion reminders. Uninstalling
Can't get Ambient mode to work at all on my watch.
The temperature and battery smarth phone never update and menu should have more app's or device app please fix thank you.
Will someone please tell me what I payed a premium. For as nothing opens and not a good program I'll be asking for z refund
Nice watch face. Still need to be able to change the color of the battery level bars. More app shortcut options would be nice too.
Doesn't work with the watch face on the watch.
Does not connect to my Samsung gear 2
Sony 3 nothing works on it other than the time.
Can't get it to load onto watch
We're is my f wach
Awesome watch face buy can't seem to set weather
My go to watch
The fitness steps don't record or do anything
Security,and elegant
The second timezone settings are never saved when I switch to other face and switch back, or reboot the watch. Fix it please. It's been a very long time since I submit this review. I have to give it only one star for this until it fixed.
Cant get the flashlight shortcut to work and would be nice if there were a way to disable the hour and minute hands on the (non-full) ambient screen. Otherwise great looking watchface for square watches..
Excellent look and functionality. Looses some settings when offline and when transitioning between watchfaces e.g. the timezone reverts to local time.
It crashes as soon as it gets set as my watch face. I have premium, and I tried setting the settings to default. I have a Moto 360 sport.
For Dual Time display, this one in my opinion is the best! But it does not save the second time zone.  Every time reload this watch face, you need to go through Google Play Store.  The version before the update I rated higher.  If the developer does not listen to the users,  I will not recommend this watch face.  It is not worth the agony.
How do I change the top display to a date instead of Google Fit Step Count?  Love the look but can't figure out the shortcuts and no obvious contact
Anyone using this I made it work by switching to another watch face Infinity then switching back I don't understand what happened   Not sure am I missing something I use other ones of your faces but I cannot get to the shortcuts such as Steps flashlight find my phone, plus my weather isn't updating either and the screen won't lock. Premium Lg watch sport
Can some put me though how to set up this app and make use of it
Ridiculous app. Even to use the dual time function asks for money. What is the use of such useless app.
I really like the look of this face, I did have an issue with it when I purchased the pro version, but after restarting the watch it works great, definitely one of my favs
Decent dual display watch face. Various options and colours in the purchased version.
1st watch face I have purchased, after testing many.
You stated that the weather forecast is with graph. How do I set it to graph?
veri bauttyfull avesom h thanku
Purchased the watch face so I could customize it and and it still keeps asking me to purchase. Getting a refund. Terrible.
Good watchface
This is a commendable effort. There is no app like it in Yoruba language, so it is innovative. It can be of great help to those who read only Yoruba, a learning tool for those who want to learn the language, and a useful app for comparative language study.
Hi Moyin, ìséjú is missing the S and the app doesn't state the minutes (fún àpeere: "aago méjo ku ì éjú" dípò "méjo ku ìséjú méwàá") on my phone.
Great job. I think you should add voice capabilities also. It should tell me the time in yoruba when i tap a button
Epic! @moyinoluwa adeyemi
It works!
Great Job @moyin.  Will love to work with you.  Great IFE spirit!
I love it bcos it promotes my culture
I adore it.
Superb from my sister
Its cool
Nice app
nicee...
Cool
Lehin ti mo gba Apilikeson yi sile ibi to wa ninu ero mi mi o mo debi ti ma le se amulo re.
How do I operate it
It sure works on ladies
What's up with the guys needs though?
App not working on Android 5.1 pls review or try adding supporting version
It looks beautiful (I love the illustrations) and I'm learning. Wonderful watch face!
This is ours. E je ki a gbe laruge!
I love this..proud of my tribe
Nice
It is accurate, elegant and homely! Gbolaga gives this 5 start ratings!
Please reply
This another development in our indigenous language more grace to you elbow
Awesome!👌
Great app from a Yoruba woman
Your idea is magnificent!!!!!!*
Nice one Moyin
Great idea
Awesome
Awesome
Not only do they help me learn a out these amazing women, but the art is really nice as well.  Please add more...or do a noble prize winning women series
The Grace Hopper one is my fav
How to use ?tell me
How to set this wallpaper
So fun to see these shining examples of women on my watch. Fat Russell is cutting edge and I love their products.
Looks awesome! Great work 🙂
Absolutely awesome! Love the illustrations and I really like that they are digital watch faces. :)
I love the art style. Clean and functional!
Ok
Very ingenious. Very nice idea. Brilliant!! Can't decide which to wear first. One every two hours maybe!!
A good app
Downloaded this a day ago and won't show up
Can't find the app!!!
Won't load.
So nice and useful
I just purchased this app and as soon as it was installed found I just could not see it, at that point I tried to get a refund. Lots of luck on that one, spent an hour and never could find out how to do it. They have that one hid very well.
For over a dollar, this watchface is awful. I cannot get the weather to update. Just shows small dashes. For a free app, that's about what I would expect. Paying money to not have the simple weather work is frustrating.
Worked for hours then disconnected. Reset watch and phone wont connect. Other watch apps work fine so this app not phone or watch.
I have already paied but it hasn't installed yet .  my mobile is Android
Phone battery is always off by 20-60%. I have yet to see it read correctly. Fix this!! Temperature scale should be fixed as well. I live in a place where it is gets as cold as -40'c 6 months of the year. Having a temp scale that only goes to -20'c is useless.  EDIT: EMAILS TO DEV GO UNANSWERED. BUYER BEWARE
It's been 24 hours since installed and after a few reboots of watch and phone, watchface is absent from all controller applications and the watch itself. Bought a different face and it appeared in minutes.
Waited several hours after purchase as apparently it takes time to migrate from my phone to watch..... no easy way to get customer service and after 15 mins of purchase you cannot refund.
I like the face however its a battery hog on 360 2nd gen. Before the end of day I was over with battery and when I switched to another face I still have more than 30% left at the end of the day. Please fix the battery problem.
Phone battery indicator doesn't update all the time. Not sure what causes that. Edit dropping to 2 stars cause the battery issue is annoying. I have to switch to another watch face and then back in order for it to update.
Id give an extra 2 star if the wind speed and temp actually worked..  Anyone know how to get them to actually show a value instead of blank? I tried setting a fixed location like the faq said.
I like the face, but ambient mode is terrible. Personally, I would like ambient mode to just tell the time in an aesthetic way. Can't use it for now.
waste of time and effort
I like this app, but non of the weather stuff works, just the battery %. This is too bad because I choose this watch face for that reason
I like Citizen watches and the busy faces. Recently jumped into the smart watch game and love the look of this face. Well worth such a low face cost.
Bought this, updated the watch. Now there's no option for a refund for the app. I can't even use this watch face on my moto 360.
If you ever update this I would like to see some iteractivity to open screens like compass, weather forcast, stopwatch.  Well worth the money. Am easy to see and functional watch face
It's destroying my battery. Is there something I need to change in my settings?
By far my favorite face, set the face to 75% brightness and it goes and goes. Super easy to pick out the info on it and I mean...it's cool as hell looking.
Very nice watch . If humidity indicator working. It shows 100% all the time plz fix this .working very good on moto 360 2nd gen .  Thank you .
Looks great on my moto 360, would love to be able to play around with the colours in options but the standard ones look very good.
Love that it has color in ambient mode, and doesn't drain the batteryon my 2nd gen Moto 360
I like this watch face very much, but the 24 hour watch hand seems to be 12 hours off.
Why don't you make one for square watch?
Love the clean techy look. Gives all the info i want at a glance. Worth the price.
No Design features
Best
Battery consumption is through the roof.  I put in fixed location,  decreased brightness but still i lose three hours of life on my Moto 360 versus other faces.  I still use it though because it looks freakin awesome.
On moto 360,  kills my battery.  Normally the watch last 16+ hours.  With this face I only get about 10 hours.
It's really drained my battery fast. Request a refund. Thanks
Wish you could change colors. Love the settings option and the layout. Great design.
A really great watch face!
Just awesome
Love it...
Okay was loving the V03 version so figured I would give the developer some more money and try this version.  I gave it 5 stars but after 3 days now I have to lower it.  Unlike your V03 the battery life of this was significantly worse. Maybe you can look into the difference between the two codes and take the good code of the V03.
Absolutely gorgeous but really hammers the battery compared to most of my other faces.  Using about 9%.
So.much info on the watch you can use. The 1st one i brought for my moto 360. Keep it coming and just put all of the watching in one bundle for a price
I have reinstalled this face several times and it crashes, all I get is " UNFORTUNATELY CKOCKSTER HAS STOPPED WORKING" I WANT A REFUND. The free version works although limited. 😬
Paid version will continually crash.  Only version that works is the free one.  The look of the watch face is awesome on the screen shots wish I could use the app.  Please refund or fix the app.
Instant force close
It says it's stopped. Not working. Please refund. The non pro version works fine. Update still not working. Free version works.
After installing every time I tried to open/configure it I got "unfortunately clock master pro has stopped"? If you get this fixed, I'll come back and buy it. Zenwatch 2.   Thx. Jim.....2/27 Paid/downloaded,same problem? But, this time I didn't get a refund.....?
I get no errors on setup.  Just crashes on my moto 360.
Purchased and it does not show in either Android wear or watch, I want my $$ back
This used to work perfectly now when I install, it appears on my Moto 360 until I change the preferences....then it crashes the watch, restarts and the watch face is GONE . Also the temperatures showed very high temperatures like 298 degrees. My favourite watch please fix this when you can.
My moto 360 getting stopped ....never got to see how this face will look on my watch. Tried installing and uninstalling several times but of no use. My money got wasted.
It doesnt work with the moto 360
Might be good but waited 10 minutes and never installed to watch.
The best. I use the weather and time zones for reference every day.
Kill  50% battery on 2 hours on my moto 360 sport edition. Default watch face  stay two days. Hope you fix it
Great app sorry that I couldn't give it the fifth star because it drains the HELL out of the battery hopefully soon an update will fix battery problem 4 stars have to do for now
Alternate time zones are reversed in the settings app but otherwise great digital face. I would like to see a step counter in future releases.
Awesome app no probs works great looks good !
The only problem I can see is that it drains the battery  (Motorola 360) too quickly.  HOWEVER I knew that BEFORE I bought it, so that wasn't  a "gotcha" - just something to plan for.  So I don't use it as my regular  face - just when I need it.  Excellent and I'd buy it again.
Everything I need on one face. Like the optimizations. Great product.
Good love it. But the description is a little bit difficult to understand.
Well developed and I use it
the only thing needed is to fix time zone! atlantic time zone should be -05:00 and not -04:00. also, some time zone do not respect dst therefore it would be nice to have a toggle on/off option!  Please, add an update to fix the battery issue!!
Drains battery on both my phone and watch. All of the watch faces by this developer do the same thing. Looks really cool, but pointless when my phone and watch die after 8 hours of barely any use.
This is a nice watchface but it drains your battery fast lol try to come up with some way to save battery and id buy again
The watch face generally work as described by ate my battery much too quickly.
Not nearly as customizable as the page makes it out to be. The "premium" features severely lack any customization. What's worse is I had to buy this to determine how the premium functions looked.   Terrible design, there should be a free live preview just like the free options what each premium feature does before paying.  I paid to find out the premium features don't do what one would expect.   If I get a refund I will gladly take this review down but as it stands, I won't be buying any Watch faces from this dev.
I did paid for full version but unable to edit customized the watch face. When i set at the phone app and send to the watch s gear 3, the watch face still the same as the free version, no changes. Please do something about this otherwise i won't rate 5 star.
Beautiful watch face, elegant and goes well with anything you wear.

Works great.....for now.....we will see as we play with it
Great looking watch face
Initial impressions are this is a great watchface
Awesome app 😍
Great app
I Love it
Maybe it's because I'm using a low-end Android smartwatch (ZTE Quartz) yet every few hours the watch face will not turn on when I press the Wake button on my watch, resulting in a completely grey screen.
Amazing craftsmanship.
I love all of the gear animations. One of my favourite watch faces!
Complications don't work. I paid for the upgrade and can't get my money back. Deleted the app. LG Urbane 2.0
Save your money! Very little options and it keeps crashing my Moto 360. There are better options out there.
Clumsy and ill-designed. Could not get it to show any city other than City, temperature 0 degrees.
I love this. Understated, clean, efficient. Would have 5 stars if the date format could change to DDMMYYYY.
This works well and I really like the idea, but it will randomly decide when to show the date.
Fine, but isn't hexadecimal...
Good concept and clean presentation but misleading name. Provide for actual hex representation and I'll give five stars.
It would make more sense to swear between the hours and the minutes instead of the middle of the minute, I.e. six f***ing thirty six instead of six thirdy f***ing six. But still a very amusing app
Wish it had more variation to it. Gets old really fast and seems to drain my battery bigtime. Before it I was still around 60% at the end of the day, now I'm 10% or less.
I love it so much!!! I JUST WISH IT WOULD BE CENTERED WHEN THERE'S THREE LINES OF TEXT!!!!! ITS KILLING ME.
Wish you could change text color though
No widget.  Double tap on app and just opens up to a screen saying Thank you and to follow him on Twitter... Wtf?
Can't get it to work on the Samsung S2 watch
I am just not able to install it on my moto360 or my Sony smart watch 3...what gives ?!!!!
It only says THANKS follow us on Twitter
I don't get it I click the app and it just says thank you nothing else how do you get it on the watch
Pls remove the word f or have an option to change or hide
Best watch face ever made
What is there to say? It does everything it says
Great addition to my watch face collection...thanx
its so simple and working great...i dont know why people giving it one star...
I would really want to find out how to use it
Doesn't work
Simple and fu"!$@ good
Awesome
Love it
All it did was tell me "Thank You" And gave me a link to follow them on Twitter. Did not even show time or nothing. Disappointing.
please make one app for Android mobile phone too! that would make our phones look more awesome! :D
Thanks , but i wont follow you on twitter
Dis epp did noot wok
That would be nice...🖕
I would love to use this app bit it won't work on an android phone. Itll be real popular if you make an app and a widget outnof this. I love the idea. Hope you make a widget....
I live green day. But I can't put it in my cell phone! Make a widget and I will love you for all eternity...
Disapointing
Doesn't work at all don't install
Well, id really love if you'd make widgets but apart from that its pretty cool
Green day is the best alternative band of the century
I wish it worked green day is my favorite band
Can't use it
@-@
Come on
Awesome 😂
Best
You should totally make this a widget option for android phones, it'll be very popular!!
super cool app ,,,,
I love green day
Yay
I love the appearance of this watchface, but things just don't work no matter your setting. Peak and translucent cards don't work. Notifications only work sometimes. Tapping the center changes the color scheme, and you lose those settings. Maybe it'll get some bug fixes in the future.
Really great watchface, love all the details it gives effectively, clearly, and neatly.  One major issue I have is that if you allow interactivity and touch the digital clock then you lose your custom colors and it cycles through presets. This is really annoying, and the only way to avoid it is to completely turn off interactivity and that stops a lot of other features. I really wish there was just a setting to turn that off.
I have Pixel XL phone and the Find My Phone on my Huawei watch worked at first then didn't and the worked for one day then not. My husband has this app on his Huawei watch with a Moto g Force or something like that and his Find  My Phone never faltered working.      .......Also the temperature doesn't seem to change on watch unless I update on phone first.
Love all the rich face watches but uninstalled them all, even my paid ones because I don't need to be reminded every 15 minutes when an update occurs!
Been Harrassed all day with sale messages. I've uninstalled all of your watch faces and you can shove it.
Weather feature doesn't work
Good, but no basic color picker and doesn't vibrate hourly.
Weather doesn't auto update.
Great watchface, use it as my daily, my battery is still at 60 or better after a full days use14hrs or so with ambient mode on... Only complaint is the tap to switch colors, changes face colors every time I tap to wake the watch... Would be nice if there was an option to disable color switching...
Great watch face, but there was an update where the author made it have its own time zone that's separate from the watch. As a frequent traveler, this is pretty annoying because I have to manually set the time zone whenever I get off the plane, even though every other watch face on the watch automatically changes to match the new time zone except this one.  If it weren't for this, I'd give it a perfect rating.
I love this watch face with all its features. But, the watch screen does not go off automatically when I turn the watch away from me like the built-in watch faces do, I would love for this feature to be added, I would have given this 5 stars if this feature was added.
I have been using this app for about 2 weeks and it has been working great.  I like how you can customize the colors for active and inactive situations.  I'm not giving an extra star because I'm not sure if the temperature shown is entirely accurate, but otherwise I'm happy with it.  I'm using a fossil Q Founder watch with Android 6.0 paired with a  Moto G 3rd generation dual SIM phone.
I would very much like to know how to suitable the function that changes my theme every time I touch the middle of the screen. That was a petty awful idea to incorporate as a default. If I can't turn that off, please update the application with changes to allow it.
Tried many of watch faces, but keep returning back to this one...recently find out, watch face doesn't change local time when I  travel to diferent time zones, have to use another watch faces which will work
My watch battery was killed within 4 hours of non-use thanks to your app.
It does everything I have been looking for, and even though the text is small, I can still read it....looks cool too...even on my square watch
Watch face look beautiful,  if two more options added like unread messages and miss call so that is perfect watch forever but I still give 5 stars because doing hard work.
Can't get watch face to load up on my watch,had it before,not anymore did the whole reset,restart thing and still nothing.
Looks great but changes color on its own constantly. Galaxy edge.
Everythink works fine but no weather reading.  Note 4 6.0.1 on  Moto 360 Sport.
I would love to give the watchface 5 stars except every now and then it resets to the default colour configuation.Not a massive drama but a bit annoying when it is ongoing ( approx once a week)
gave it 3 stars because it's not recording my steps and u can't add the phone call widget
Step count from Google fit wont update sometimes. Otherwise good looking watch face.
The pedometer doesn't refresh automatically.. I have to refresh it manually
It works on my ASUS 2 real nice and I can't stop playing with it. Great job!!
Does not support rectangular wetch good enough
Initially the battery indicator wasn't working, but after 30 min, it must have synced and it works. I like it.
Changes made on the phone don't sync to the watch. EDIT: Update seemed to fix this. Currently my favourite watch face.
This watch face always works flawlessly and is my favorite watch face to use.  Very Futuristic and high tech looking.
Great looking, with lots of data options that fit perfectly on the watchface.  The best one I've tried.
The step counter doesn't work... this is great except the stop counter doesn't work and it will not connect with Google fit
I wish I could lock in the watch face colors but still interact with the tools.
May favorite face yet on my Moto 360.   Beautifully designed. Please bring this to my new LG Watch Sport.
Can you please update compatability to work with Samsung gear s2
please add spotify controls thanks
Sony smartwatch 3
Too small letters
Really Mice & Good.. Works perfectly
best looking wf also in ambient mode
It's a great watch face
I looked all over the Samsung app store and no watch styler app there. I looked online and no older versions of the app as well. It is a shame because I was looking forward to using these nice looking faces. I am using a S6 wth a Gear 2 neo. I hope they fix this soon.
Works perfect gives you a nice choice I have downloaded them all . Keep up the good work :)
The watch styler cannot be found using the Samsung gear manager. It isn't there . This is a scum.
It's really exciting to play, mix, match and dress-up this very good galaxy gear theme... I really enjoy this. Keep it for life!!!
It's not installing can I have my money back please sooner rather than later thanks
Do not buy this app it doesn't work or any of the other apps connected to this don't waste your time and money you been warn.

On my Galaxy Gear I only see hour, minute and second dial. 3 Small dials are not shown...uninstalling.
Much cheaper than buying a bunch of spiffy watches and saves on the room. Worth the $1
It's like I have a new watch for every day! 😆👍
Need It For Gear 1
Does not work
Nice I  Love it.
Looks good
There is one thing I hate most and that's when purchasing one app leads you to download another from somewhere else. Well on my S6 and Gear 2 there is no watch styler. So if you are on lollipop and have an S6 your screwed. Then there's the issue with watch styler yes it sounds nice but you are forced to the devs customization. Oh here's the kicker on Samsung Gear Apps there's no apps but watch styler no themes at all there really is no need for this back and fourth from store to store.
can't download required software for the gear 2.
But there is no option to change the shape... (My clock is not circle)
Too bright on gear 1 sorry.
Good app. Any one know how to change the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit on the watch? I have a Huawei watch.
Very nice watch face, however is the Google fit data being pulled in correctly? My step counter doesn't match what i have in Google Fit, in fact it's out by nearly 3000 steps. Happy to increase the rating if this gets fixed.
Very nice design. One suggestion for future feature. Would you be able to make it interactive? So when I touch the weather it goes to weather, or when I touch the date it goes to my agenda?
A great and beautiful battery drainer.
Good watchface.   Good response from developer.
The first watch face that shows all the info I need and it's nice and uncluttered.
I wish there was an ability to make the ambient watch face completely black but keep the hour and minute dials. Otherwise the watch face is perfect.
Great face

It is very nice but sometimes it disconnects Google fit on my Huawei watch and I have to refresh it
Love the ambient-to-active animation! Only gripe is that the colon is always in the middle of the screen, so in 12h mode when it's before 10:00, the whole time looks slightly off to the right. Not sure if this is intended or not.
Great start. But as a typical Android user, I'd like to request some customisation options, such as text size, date, and the duration of the ambient -> awake animation.
There are some blinks, when I turn on screen light
I don't know what I think, I downloaded it and can't find where it is located on my phone
Thanks a lot!
I hated it because it wasnt an app when I got it it wasnt on my phone
Needs more options like brightness and battery level but when set to black makes a perfect sleeping watch because you can check the time without going blind at night
Needs more options
Looks great at night.  Keep up the good work guys.
Awesome. Needs battery meter on face though
I have the moto360. I open app n pick a colof n doesnt do anything. Cant get face to show on my watch. Is there another step im not doing???
Very novel idea, keeps me updated on battery life of my phone.
Dose not work in LG urbane 2nd edition. It shows in a corner of the screen. It only works in old devices who's resolution is 360x360. Almost all new devices has resolution more than that. A paid watch like this should not have this kinds of flaws.
Not compatible with Huawei, really wish it was. Such a nice watch. I see the watch in the far left corner of my screen
Gorgeous classic watchface.
SUPER COOL
Love this watch face but it does not work on my moto360 second gen. The watchface loads but does not fill the screen Radius. I'm guessing it isn't meant to work with the newer version of the 360. Grabbed a refund but would re-purchase if this was fixed.
Definitely would consider buying if compatibility issues are resolved.
The face does not fill the screen. I will buy this face as soon as it does, as it's very cool and looks to be the best tourbillon watch face available at the moment.
Love the look of the watch face other than the cheesey lighting effect.  Just can't get past it, ended up refunding.  Would buy again if there was an option to disable the lighting.
5 stars if an update including an ambient mode is made
Great free festive faces
It's probably spam.
Did I just buy this !!! Can barely see the hands. No contrast. Today is Sunday, July 9 , looks like on the left side it reads Dec. On right side of face it reads Sun. No date that I can see. Then again , I can hardly see what any of it actually reads. So far I have found no way to set or customize or change any of the dials. The best thing about this watch face is the pictures on the install page. They look Awesome. But as an actual useful watch face , IT SUX
Bought a couple watch faces, now it won't push them to my watch at all. I have tried restarting, and uninstalling all of them. Nothing is working. Junk app.
Good looking watch face, though the hands lack contrast and are therefore hard to locate.   It didn't appear for me in Android Wear on the phone or in the watch (LG Watch R with Wear 2.0), even after uninstall/reinstall and waiting, until I used Play Store on the watch to install it from the list of apps installed on the phone.
Doesn't work on my lg g watch r,  it is running wear 2
Beautiful colors but you can't see the hands. If you can't tell the time then it doesn't matter how nice it looks.
Doesn't work on FOSSIL Q
Sucks just get you to a pay screen. You guess can f off
The "Resync Apps" u said in Android Wear wasn't there. Couldn't download.
Haven't tried it yet
Performance & Beauty like a smart woman with class !
Lg urbane watch. App is not functional.
Definitely unique!
Look great
It is good
Great
Nice
Great
The app doesnt open!!!!
Months later still great.   It's a racing red that really has an eye-catching look to it
I like the color red
It 's alright..
So far so good
Meh
Good
This face looks nice, but I get a black version for about a second every time I wake my watch to view it. A post claims it is fixed, but I downloaded this yesterday after that post.                          12/12/14 - I made the change you suggested, and have the same result. Nice face, but the glitch is annoying. Also, I would use it more if it had the date. Thanks!
Good face great color but the black face kills my rating one issue is fix I will update my review
Version 6.6.3. Phone battery Gage do not update. Android 5.1.1
Doesn't work on my moto360
Ambient mode is my preferred look and have set this as my full time face... The other modes are too busy for my liking
Try the military preset wow..
Digital numbers too small for LGR. Would be good if you could change font and size and maybe expand the size of the circular middle section. Nearly a modern version of the Minority Report watchface. Shame about the out of proportion appearance.
Looked beautiful, functioned, but lagged my Moto 360 out to the point that navigating the UI was a chore. Got it refunded, but will repurchase of the issue is resolved.
One of the best looking digital watch faces on the market. I really like the concept and the customization options.
I love this face!  The colors are nice and the design is great.  But card previews cover up the face.
Extremely user friendly. Seems so simple yet you can actually make quite a few different face looks with it. Your zodiac sign or not you can make a really nice watch face however you want with quite a few choices. Great app, and great developer one of my favorites personally.
This is the best watch face I've found. Easy to customize, nice and responsive, and I love how you can save your settings. I've spent a good hour tinkering and saving presets so I can switch back and forth between my favorite styles. Excellent work designing this!!
Too many display options. Step counter display doesn't work despite keep connecting to Google fit.  Waste of money!!
Can't complain much. Nicely designed watch face. Menu are easy to click and face is very responsive.
Zodiac watch is installed but it not showing up on my watch or android
Just downloaded this as part of a premium membership. Had to pay for it but it doesn't do anything won't open and can't be found. Instead of open it says refund I. App store
I Love this app as it's come with lots of pre-saved face.
Love the app. Wish you could have a choice for different time zones
This is a great watchface with great customisation! I had this watch about a week before i found my perfect custom preset, now ive had it over a month. Havnt switched the face yet. There are alot of gimmicky faces out there but in my opinion this one is the best at simplicity and style. Totally worth. Thanks!
Absolutely awesome watch face, I have tried many over the last few months and this is my favourite by far.  It clearly shows me the important info I want to see without cluttering up the display.  The only thing missing is the ability to configure the screen-on time, I miss this from my last watch face!  5 stars when this gets implemented.  Edit: Thanks so much for adding this!
I can't use this. It sucks way too much battery. I can't get a full day out of a watch that's supposed to last for 2 (in ideal conditions of course). I like the look and function but I'm sorry I lost money on it.
This app lets you do it all. It has presets for those who may not know there way around an app as well as customization for those who want to change things up. It allow you to connect google fit which is a plus! Weather can be set in Celsius and Fahrenheit. Another plus! You can change colors, watch arms and tons of other stuff. Love it! I have a moto360.
Asus Zenwatch2/Galaxy S3: This is one of the first watch face makers I've bought for my Android Wear device and so far everything went smooth and the watch face I created looks great. Many many options for tweaking setup, letters, numbers, info and background colors. I want to see what kind of battery life I get out of this app since typically I use the stock Asus watch faces. Hopefully its about the same or Ill have to drop a star or 2 depending on its battery consumption.
Like it a lot so far. Moto 360 keeps track of steps on its own. Wish this face would recognize that. Haven't used the face in months because of that.
Great watch face 5 star all the way ... would love to see you come out with more watch Faces :-)
I like this face,  looks good. Works fine on my Huawei. However, presets still lack variety.
i really enjoy the level of customization, it's easy to configure  my favorite involves with amber, red, yellow highlights on a plain black background.
I love this one! Looks nice and one of the only ones with interactive music controls! Developer definitely cares and is responsive. Would like to see a preview type setup so I don't have to constantly look at my watch to see how the change looks. Still 5 stars though!
not a bad watch but functionally inferior to "minimal and elegant". i prefer the analog watch but i really like the "interactive functions" buttons implemented in m&e to control google music. EDIT: thank you for the update, this is now my main watchface :)
Excellent watch face. one thing that might be missing is a ring button I can tap to start the microphone, so I can begin a Google voice search.
Works great!
Great combination of analog and digital. Easy to customize and looks amazing. Works perfectly on my Huawei Watch!
I've never done an app review after years of Android usage but this app really deserves it.  This is a real live honest review.  I just loaded this after dozens of watch faces and I'm done.  This face has everything I could ever want, outstanding job on this code, I LOVE IT!!!! Soooo many great options and now my smartwatch is actually functional from one screen and looks great.  The battery gauges for both phone and watch is brilliant thinking!  Two thumbs up here, thanks!!!
Simply put Studio Extreme has developed three of the best watch faces in the App Store. I haven't touched any other watch faces since I discovered these. Highly customizable yet they remain minimal, simplistic, and gorgeous. Do yourself a favor and check out these watch faces. I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
I really do want to love this watch. I agree the few criticisms so far, but one very big one seem to be omitted... Interactive buttons on the face. For be it would be perfect if I could get rid of the hands and be digital only, of I could tap the weather button and get the 5 day forecast, and tap the date button and get calendar open. Still looking for that even from others. Can't find the perfect one yet.
Not only does this watch face display the date, day of the week, battery of both phone and watch, weather, but it also looks REALLY COOL! And it is super customizable. I love this watchface.
You don't need any other watch face when you can customize it. This watch face gives you all of the customization, which is absurdly awesome. I bought it and I don't think I need more watch face, except maybe for the flip clock.
If Minimal and Elegant is the digital watch face to beat, this is the analogue. If you only buy two watch faces ever, make it these two. Endless customisation options mean you can dress up your watch to match anything you're wearing and its almost impossible to find a bad combo (I use it on both my black and silver 360's). All information you could want is available to display and the face is as flashy or as minimal as you like. Easy enough on battery too. GEDDIT!
Really like it, updated rating because of the addition of notification number and step counter. Would like to see the ability to change the background image to something custom. Highly recommended watch face.
ALMOST perfect - Would like digital time ONLY in top area, digital date ONLY in bottom area. Would like same digital date formatting facility as in Minimal and Elegant watch face. Would like ability to disable/hide inner and outer decorations. Otherwise PERFECT - Battery drain is amazingly low with minimal options set.
This watch face is fully customizable, from elements, to colors, to the information presented,  when and where. The only thing I could ask for is more background symbols, not just zodiac signs, e.g. spiral, star, heart, etc.
Just got note 5 and apparently this watch face isn't updated for 5.1.1.. worked great on note 3.
Nice simple watch like it on my lg urbane anyway I wish there is a tweak to set how long does it goes to ambient mode it seems to fast for me. Other than that I like the face
I love that I can make this watch face the way I want it.  I would be great to be able to use a picture for the background but that doesn't take away from me liking this watchface
I love this watch face. This is the last watch face you will ever need. Tons of customization. The possibilities are endless. I highly recommend this app. I use it on both my moto360 and my Asus zenwatch. Looks and works great on both.
Great watch face. The only thing that is missing for me is the ability to modify screen-on time
And just like that, Marcin comes through and makes this face perfect. Wonderful app, even better developer.
No chance of a refund if it you don't like it, go for "pujie black" alot more polished
Now that's it's working and I can really use it I love it and all it offers its very very customizable
Great watch face, lots of customization options, community with presets, quick support
Unique and excellent!
Had the standard one for a while and liked it,so I upgraded. But a bit disappointed with the customising options, would like to change the colour on the hour and min mark's. Also be able to brighten them, and maybe change the shapes and colours. But still happy with the purchase.
Would like to see more user options more colors to play with etc also i cannot change my weather color it goes to the color wheel i pick but it still stays white must be a bug?
Work alright on the moto 360 but doesn't work on the hauwie watch as near as I can tell all of the features don't work.
If I had more option's I would rate higher.
The hands are too dim.
Mr
Nice concept but poor execution. Uninstalled for refund.
Parallax view is garbage, just floats the top layer and just mskes it look off.
I upgraded to premium and i cant even use it refund this thanks
Works well
If I'm downloading a free app; then it should free.  Not (For other features you need to  pay this  much. )
Wish digital face was larger,  but love ❤ the look
Nice watch face
Not transferring to my Sony smart watch 2
Hard to know if I should buy.
Definitely worth it
Fantastic
Likely
Good
Watch face glitches when going to ambient mode
Weather doesn't work needs fixed
Does not appear in Android wear or on watch, I purchased it and want my money back
Weather is displayed in absolute Kelvin degrees. So you need to minus 273 for Celsius. Otherwise good watchface. I have gear neo 2.
Great design. The weather isn't correct, at all..... EVER. I have it set for the appropriate degrees and it's off. I have GPS on and it's still not right. Uninstalled. Please fix
Like the Look, BUT.. Weather and Wind Needs Fixing still, I can't used it if just shows useless data. Colour customisation and changeable heart rate area would also improve
Worst watch face ever, doesn't work on huawei watch 2, only some green dots on screen and that's it
It's ok.  So much info it's hard to read. If there's a way to change display color, I haven't found it yet.   The Zulu time could be replaced with something else or deleted to make font bigger. But it does seem to work.
It is a very useful watch face. It works very well.
For the most part, this watch face is awesome. Maybe allow the face to draw weather info from a different weather service other than the default option. Always on display seems to not work for my Zen watch 2. I've already checked the app and watch settings, both are set to display ambient mode, but it's still not working. Then lastly, include a color pallet so we can change that green color to whatever we want. This app would be great with some of those tweaks implemented.
In color mode it looks so nice. I only wish I could have Color display in ambient mode with no animations (to help battery).   Then it would be perfect.
It's just too small to read. I love the info.  Maybe sacrifice an item or two to increase the font size. Unfortunately,  I'll be requesting my money back.
So far so good, I like the watch. I will give 5 start is battery life is good, time will tell.
My heart numbers r not showing up tryed everything
like multiple info and quite accurate!
Cant change temp to C. LG G Watch.  Refund
Got some issues. Weather have some bug i think it shows -------- instead of weather status. Couldnt find an option to change watch color. Cant find step count. And one more think it is better to user to replace zulu time with another time. And for watches like sony smartwatch 3 that hasnt heart rate, to replace it with some thing else like compass maybe. But its awesome watchface i love it.
I love the update. Battery life seems to have improved. The information that the phone displays on the watch face is very helpful.
Easy-to-use
Weather is hit or miss. It seems like most of the time I am looking at little lines on my urbane instead of the weather. I tried both automatic and fixed location. Also, with all the customization options, you cannot set the timezone of the second time (zulu)? Come on now. Otherwise, this is my favorite digital watch face. I just don't know if it is worth paying for at this point.
Too small to read and eats battery.  Want money back but left it too long while testing its performance.  Unless you have very good eyesight and don't mind a frequently flat battery don't bother.
Love it
Love it
Well done! I love this face however I truly wish your round face for the 3x time zones could be modified for  the gear live. Just a friendly request but amazing work on all your projects!
Its a great watch face tells you a lot but watch but when I have it set to black and white mode only it doesn't show the seconds on the digital or analog time which sucks.  also since my lg g watch doesn't have a heart rate monitor you can disable it but the image Is still there it would be cool if you can enlarge the two other circles (power for devices) or have an option to add something different such as how many steps you've taken instead   also a compass somewhere would be awesome fix that then 5 stars
Superb is a weird word. This watch face is good.
excellent!
Nice work !
Beautifull design, full of nice features
Very encompassing watchface with access to nearly all the data one could want in a watch.
An information-packed display that still looks good, but its a battery hog even with cautious data poll times. Two small feature requests, though: (1) provide a way to disable the heart rate display on devices that don't have a monitor (2) have an option to set the second timezone to anything rather than locking it to UTC. I live in UTC and I don't need two clocks showing the same time :) But I regularly work with people in Mountain View and would like to see their local time at a glance.
Only down side is it plays on your battery . haven't played with the intervals on weather, bpm and things of that nature that may help. Nevertheless one of the best clean informative watch faces around. Moto 360
What it's missing: - compas - the ability to replace zulu time with another time zone - the ability to customize the interface a bit (for example replace the wind speed or zulu time with a compas) - smart bpm, if it's chargin stop monitoring all the data - google fit connection (send the heart rate data to google fit so it can add it to it's statistics) - Quick ways to turn on or off speed and heartrate traking (swipe left or right  to start stop) - an economic mode, if the phone's battery is under 15% stop monitoring and minimize syncing.
One of the best in this series
Nice!
Absolutely would rate this 5.stars but the weather and wind speed sections do not work.  (used the fixes location setting...set to NYC and Chicago, IL..Both failed to produce weather and windspeed).  I have the LG Urbane (with HTC one m8) and tried this version as well as the motor 360 version. Both versions have the same problem.  If this can be fixed, I would gladly buy and rate 5 Stars, but for now uninstalled for refund. Please FIX
Try again later? WTF? I don't line it and I want my money back
Nice,  but to busy/small to see.  Would be nice if you could pick items on screen and maybe position using phone app
On an Xperia Z3, the calls dropped several times when used with a Brastel card. Will use a different app.
no good !
you need an option to choose the address-book app. the bloatware one on my phone is only for japanese contacts so i am using go-contacts instead. make it happen and i will purchase your app :)  ... and give more stars
Seems not to work on Samsung Galaxy Y
Simple to configure for my asterisk/freepbx system. Good audio quality on LAN.   Can't find any way to change the inbound ringtone... the standard tone is too quiet. Also, settings are unavailable when it is "Trying" to connect, which means a small error in config leads to having to completely delete the app data in the app manager.  Would like the option to change the ringtone, and to turn it off completely. Then it would get a 5 star from me.
great app to use your sip account with!
Work good whit a Brastel card
This is the most functional sip client I've tried on galaxy s2. Loses registration sometimes. I then need to interact with the app to get it too register again. I am so happy this app does NOT sound like a muted mouse.
Good voice quality and simple to use
Would rate higher if it would dial numbers which start with the + sign (as EVERY international number does!). As it is you have to open this App, go into contacts, copy the number on paper (or other phone's dial pad) and then type in the int. phone number  by hand, being careful to remove the starting + sign. A real shame because it makes this App practically useless as it is simpler to use the phone's own dialler, adding Brastel's (or which ever Voip company you choose). To the developer: fix this problem!
E singurul client sip care functioneaza corect pe orange boston! Singurul care reda convorbirea in casca si nu in speaker!
I like it a lot
Suck... badtrip!
This is a good sip client but uncontrollable error log is annoying. It will be very nice if account log could run in background (on HTC desire hd)
Handles sliding keyboard activation poorly, crashes. Locked up on ending failed call. Uninstalling
No SIM, WiFi gives me free calls and clear quality! Sometimes is loses registration; but all in all FANTABULOUS!!!
So far so good. Will write more after a good test. Only supports 2 general sip profiles.
Tried lots of other clients but this one just worked without fuss. Excellent.
Work, but with very strange behavier on sony ericsson xperia neo, android 2.3
Works, but quite frequently behaves unpredictably. Will wait for more mature versons.
Kept crashing, force close wouldn't work on LG Gt540 v2.1. Would give zero stars if I could.
Works well. Call quality is as good as can be expected. Gets a bit confused when transitioning between 3g and wifi, and loses its connection though
I could not even register!!My galaxy TAB freeze!!!!
can not do any calls
Lo maximo
Your download of the
uninstalled
No good !!
I paid for the pro version when I first got my Samsung gear live smart watch and this app worked great and looked great, but now I can't switch faces, the weather says 999 degrees, and the battery info doesn't update at all.  Pretty disappointing. I have tried uninstalling and re-installing but still have the same issues. Will change 1 star rating when app starts working how it's supposed to again.
I like the look of this watch face.  And I love all of the info it gives me right on the face itself. I originally had some issues with the weather not updating.  But once I switched the weather provide from OpenWeather to Yahoo,  everything was fine.  Would love to see more face options, otherwise a great app.
Constant sync problem for weather update. Purchased pro version & only problem is weather. A MAJOR bug since it's a weather watchface. Must go into settings, change weather source, update weather then close out, then weather is ok. Tried clearing cache, reinstalling, same issues. On a positive note, the time is correct. I like the watchface but am very preturbed the weather problem is still an issue.
This is a good watch face with a lot of customization options - if you pay. The only issue I've run across is the weather does not update coming off the charger. I have to go into the settings and change the update tome - then it updates fine. HTC 10 / Moto Sport
I love the way this watch face looks. It's so clean and I love the color and customization options. I am having trouble figuring out if there's a way to update the weather on demand. So far I only see an option for the weather to update every hour. When I'm about to head out to do something I would love to be able to see what the temperature is and if it's raining.
I really like this watch face, and I'd give it a full five stars but for one glitch that I see constantly. The face provides all the relevant and current weather information. It also provides battery meters for both the watch and the phone. Unfortunately, when the temperature exceeds 100F (which it does often here in Phoenix, AZ), the degrees symbol overlaps the watch icon. It's not a functional problem, but it does mess up the aesthetics of the face.
It says on "Supported Devices" ASUS ZENWATCH.  I have the ZENWATCH 2.  I paid for it and then it tells me that it's NOT COMPATIBLE with my device!  Enjoy my $1.99 Pizza Entertainment!!!  BE CAREFUL folks!!  How do I get a refund?
Great looking watch face. I paid for the pro version. The weather doesn't update. Keep getting error messages on my phone saying the app stop. I love the interface but to much bugs. Phone lg v10 watch lg g watch.
You don't get the watch face in the pic they trick you to get Pro if you want to modify anything on it. Even basic colors. Uninstalling
Used to be great, but now app is installed onto my phone but watch is not picking it up at all. Not even showing in wear app. Useless app installed on phone which is doing nothing
I have recently started having issues with this app not updating the current weather. several reboots of both s6 and moto 360 v2 have not rectified the issue. emailed support over a week ago and no response. will be finding an alternative.
The watchface looks great, didn't get to try it out in the everyday life, but since they spam me with notifications and even absorb battery when not running. Probably to track info to sell. Thought about pro version but the ads and battery consumption when not in use made me uninstall
I have Samsung Gear Live. The face worked fine at first, but after some time started showing 999 for the temperature. Resting and restarting didn't help.
No matter which weather service I connect to, it always ends up failing to update after a few hours or days. WTF? Why can't it at least stay synced with the weather shown on my phone??!  UPDATE 10/2016: Now not only is the temperature disconnected or out of date, but the phone battery reporting is disconnected or not updated.  I have updates set for 1 hr.  The phone is sitting on the charger and has been fully charged half the night, and says so on the phone, but the watch face says it's at 71%.  I'm downgrading the stars.
If the weather data upated properly I would rate it a 5.  It is always wrong.  The quickest the weather will update when it does work is 60 minutes.  Otherwise it is a great looking watch face.
Bought PRO right away. Everything is very nice, 4 stars due to lack of customization of the ambient screen on LG G Watch R - I would like less stuff to appear while screen is dimmed, but unfortunately, not able to change it much. Would be nice if app supported AccuWeather which I found most reliable to date.
This watch face is broken in its current state - temperature is set at 9999 degrees. It's a shame as it would be a good watch face otherwise. I have requested a refund from google.
It would be nice to have more weather providers because the current two are not accurate for my location (Northern Suburbs of South Australia). otherwise I would highly recommend the watch face and the pro version.
The weather updates are so off. Why can't it just use my phone weather app or something. Because it's always 5 degrees off and when it's clear it says cloudy.
The weather has not updated since I installed it.  Funny cause it's called Weather Watchface. One good thing it has increased my battery life. But Weather is its name, so uninstalled. (I see it has been abandoned since April 2016 so it hasn't been updated to work with Wear 2.0?)
Nice looking watch face with some neat features, but apparently the developer is not interested in supporting it any more. Sent them some requests for additional features and never received a response.
I have used this App for more than 2 months with no problems at all (pro version) 4 star for 2 reasons, 1- App can't update weather using the 3G or LTE internet connection provided by the smartwatch, the App depents only on Bluetooth connection with the smart phone (PLEASE UPDATE THIS ISSUE) 2- the info on the weather () should be rotated since having to choose between min and max temperatures or next day weather is bored and a wated of space, ( developers are you listening?) otherwise 5 star App.
They ignored my requests for assistance. Also, if you're only going give us one watch face in the free version (which is fine), It's a little disingenuous to display a different one as your default icon.
If you're going to sell a app with only one face that's free, and the rest are in app purchases. Then don't say there are some in app purchases more like everything is an in app purchas I will never use anything from you again
I live in NYC and the weather is always off by 3-4 degrees. Please add other weather sources and fix the issue of having reliable weather readings if it is one.
I've tried a lot of free ones and so far, it's the best one. Cant say much about the weather accuracy but seems OK.
Undoubtedly one of the better wear face with time and temp, without the nags as in other crappy weather apps (like InstaWeather); but not interactive...I am giving this app a second try as the last time it was showing temp as 1000..wish they could make the font bigger. Can the 'ok google' be removed from appearing on watch face ?  Update - 2nd time I tried this out the temp was out of whack. Then realized the darn app only updates once in 12 hours for the free version. What a waste of time. - Gave it another shot, more crashes and keeps losing watch face setting; but I forgot about the 12-hour update and wore wrong get up for the weather. HATE this even more now.
Doesn't work anymore, can i get my money back? I paid the pro version
Hasn't worked for a long time.
Garbage. Do you like ads on your watch face? Enjoy the PRO version for the latest deals on a random laptop site.
This face was recommended to me by a friend and I am glad that I purchased the pro version. It takes a couple of days to settle in, so be patient with the weather. Looks really clean and bright on my Huawei watch.
It still does not work for the Samsung Galaxy gear S3. I've tried it in so many ways but it still didn't work.  Let me know when it does.
Deleted. Sent my phone multiple alerts daily selling me on other apps. How incredibly annoying
Going to uninstall, it's using almost 100 Meg's of memory and I don't use it.  It looks good but it shouldn't be taking so much for a background process that isn't being used
Has notified me about upgrading to the pro  and to join some group. Won't be using any more.
Bait and switch! Don't download this app is clickbait. Wants you to pay for the actual watch face show in the store.
So dissapointed as the picture and icon has black and white watchface but after installing you can only use whole black one! This is just false advertising.    Pethetic developer.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Very good UI and Design BUT I found different weather temperature notification between This watchface and smartphone HTC M8. Please fix this, than you will get my 5 stars
I have tried a number of watch faces for my Huawei Watch and this is by far my favorite. The temperature is always off a few degrees vs the weather on my phone, but it is close enough and i love the clean look!
Wasted my money. My fault as I did not read the small print. It's a small amount but nevertheless lose faith in developers.
Simple and love it. Would like to see preset pomodoro timer and more styles.
So simple yet awsome! Love the style!
The moon phase is wrong. It shows full moon but here is waxing crescent. Also for better design, put the number 9 or cut the number 3. Please fix it quickly. Its shame for your team!
I have a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge + have downloaded over 70 watch faces. For some reason this watch face will not sync with my gear S2. I sent an email to the developer and the response I received was; Sorry..... that was it and, no refund.

Mental and worst app

Beauti full
Cool I'm happy with it try you will like it mmm
Better than the others i tried
Just watch
Rated it 5 star
Ok
lie
YouTube
Hi
Excellent clock
You like it
Rubbish
Liked it.
V.good
Not readable ambient mode, make it also bold, then I'll buy it.
Ch Tahir nawaz ramay
No complaints here I'm happy no ads
Nice big numbers for the hr.and min.and it shows the month date and year.Very nice!!
I like iT


👍
Clock
Fantastico
Good minot
Very Very Fine
Good
Great
Nice
Nice
Installed! All in Japanese! Uninstalled before I regretted it!
Nexus 6P
Didn't open
Cannot even open it
My hat is off to these developers. You knocked the ball out of the park and deserve some props. Really enjoying my moto 360 thanks to this app. Cutting edge watch faces that are free. Thank you very much! I appreciate your work.
It cannot sync watchfaces to my watch, l mean this global version
Many watchfaces to choose from, but it crashed on me a couple of time.
why not state clearer in the apps introduction
It freezes all the fxxking time....
Surprised that such a great app is free!
See that from my friend.
Smart wearable device software
Worth recommending to friends
Amazing app! Wearaday is better than facer and watchmaker
awesome app for my lgw150,keep working!
Can't tell now bz..oki
Watch face doesn't show up on huawei watch.
The watch face is better then most standard multi color watch face in the store. Could use update I.E smoother gear movement, fix ambient watch face change over hiccups, have customization to change the color of hour/minutes hands. More pronounce tick motion for the second hand.
Looked nice, but gear animation needs to be much smoother.

Greatest  clock ever see before
Super

But it's 2 bad, that is only 4 a Smart watch. Can you make it 4 a phone's 2? THX... 😊


Md
tanks
I loved is nice
Very good

Good
Great...simple, yet thoughtful.  Would love to see color options though.  And maybe an option to change the length of the minute hand.
No 24 hour digital clock, only 12 hour
Date needs to be visible in ambient mode.
High graphic with smooth control. The app size was super small. Recommended for you guys who finding the FPS with zombie. Its worth it!☺️
Nice game but the shoot control disturb the sight control while firing zombies ...hows that
I dislike this game
add the snipe think too snip zombie
It's Soo nice I finished all level for 3 Tim's
Cool game I like killing zombie's
This game is sweet @challenging, the control is superb...
Just try n addicted
that is good but gun is not esay
It sucked balls!!
It was ok and nice you guys can surely play this game
Its ok
Veryi Good
Best games ever
Best game ever
I like it
Very nice game and easy control ☺☺
Great game
I love this game
Best wishes
Thanks
Nice
Nice
Nice
Good
Excellent
beautiful
I never thought I'd enjoy playing a first-person shooter on a freakin watch.
I am able to play this game on the watch, Look at this game and tell me there is no god.
Why is this game on Android watches just why
Awful and difficult to control
this is a great game for a watch
Cool
Awesome
The preview images are enough to see that this game is just a quick money maker with thousands of ads. By the way the game isn't even in 3D, everything is just pictures pasted there, the scene, the zombies, your gun, that is why you can't move and the game is a turret section simulator... Why did I download this? P.D.: the ammo is infinite, just keep taping the ammo counter and it won't stop increasing.
Enjoy playing this game for hour's, but I noticed the trigger button keeps getting stuck & making me die a lot, then I hit the point of quitting. Must of dyed 9 times, cause that button getting stuck, was very aggravating & upsetting, so I stopped playing for day's.      P. S. Please fix this
Just started, level 6, but it's so awesome, doesnt skip, doesn't freeze, ads are gone fast.  *Update* - I have now been playing for about a month and still love this game. I have restarted twice after beating all the levels but the way you upgrade weapons is up to you so I'm starting over to try and get all the skills on all the weapons. Put your rubies on the guns! It just isn't getting old.
Too much to turn around. Mobile devices are poor for action games at all. More easy just to click on the enemy, while I already saw in other similar games such flawed controls, if you fire and move at the same time you could get turned far away from targets. But those are issues of many games like this.... why then we can't click on the enemy to kill it, while such devices are more sufficient for this?
I can play it but it's impossible to get better weapons without spending money and well I have more things worth my money so don't expect to get too far without rolling out your money! Hate games like this.  Like once you do spend money they mess up
I really LOVE this game!!! But can u pls make more buttons,like to run! To avoid zoms, and pick characters like a girl/boy pllllsss make upgrade!! If u do plss inform me,and plss do something about the "AMMO" cuz when I get to beating a LOT of zoms I die cuz no "AMMO" plss make infinity bullets....BUT IT ALWAYS SCARES ME!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!!!!!!!!! PLSSS DOWNLOAD ITALY GAMES!!!!! BEST GAME I EVER HAD!!!!!!! PROMISE!!!!
Love it
Not much options. Bought premium, no way to get a refund.. What a ripoff
Very visually appealing! Solid performance, too.
Good...nice
Like the graphics
Cool face
Not enough features with free ap compared with many others.
I like their watch faces, but they aren't Moto 360 flat tire friendly.
Like it a lot!!
Keep up the great work
Looks good so far
Good job
Looks very good! I wish it could show the complication "Next event" properly. Then it would be my favourite watch face!
Amazing watch face looks stunning on my lg watch urbane. Thank you soooo much 👍
samsung galaxy note edge.. needed to restart bluetooth, but it is a fantastic face. luxurious, and the animations are fab.
I'm out of words...it's remarkable,, lots of thanks.
Better resolution and sleeker designs than most watch faces. High quality designs and tons of customization
Simply a refreshing bright friendly look. How I wish by pushing the button in the middle would open a small launcher for a few apps, or basic info (Date, weather and such). Then pushing the button again, you come back to the clean beautiful watch Face.
Really good watch face, looks great on Sony smart watch 3. Really looks good.
I like the watch face, but even though the android wear app says I'm connected (Huawei eatch), the app says there are no devices available, so i cant change the settings.
Does exactly wat is says on the tin...wat ive been looking for....any chance of increasing the time the watch stays light for 30 secs in next update...def would pay for this watch....
Looks great. Just keeps asking to reconnect. New Huawei watch owner and looking for good watch faces. I would gladly pay if something worked like it should.
October 27, 2016 has a nice look to it.. doesn't have unread notification reminder... also wish it had more settings for ambient mode..
No way to load the face to my watch. Usless..
I really like the luminescent, slightly retro look. It would be perfect if it showed me steps instead of battery!
I don't know yet
I love this watch face! It has to be the best one on my Huawei Watch. Kudos to the developer!
Nice but would like a way to turn off ambient mode. Or control brightness of ambient mode. Nice look though.
Works perfectly on my sony. Sw3
Not good
A few more options would be great works well with moto 360
I like this watch face.
Really like this watch face.  What I have been looking for
Won't load on watch
Works on my Ticwatch E. Vibrant colors - very nice!
Ok
Love it.  It's now my favourite watch face
Nice simple watch face with all that I need.
Works and syncs well. Very responsive.
Very good watch colors
Great watch face well done devs
It works
Great design , enjoy the functionality
excellent colours.Practical. No shortcomings. Enjoyable.
Ok
Love the colors!
Excellent
Very good.
Great app
Very good
Cool
good
Ok got it, Just a suggestion the easy and less confusing way would be let the users of those watch faces know that you will be removing the old one so they can download the all in one watch face so this way its less confusing for someone who is installing your watch faces and some are put off by this. Is it possible to add a how many steps taken as well in the watch it has all the things just missing the few key features in the bottom there is space if you remove the 1 studio's.
Thank you I remember when I was a kid cyan looked awesome on watches.
cyan works great
Thanks for the color options.  Great work in the app.
First, I would appreciate being able to customize some settings. For example, my personal preference for the date format is month/day/year. Second, the caption "water resistant" looks like a gross assumption about the hardware, coming from a software developer. I have no idea whether or not my LG watch is water resistant, and I don't think you do either. And even if you do know, you didn't know my watch was LG before I told you.
Nice looking face, unfortunately Does not work with Gear S2, the Gear S2 uses the Tizen OS. I tried to select the option on the watch I was using and an error message came up that said "Sorry your Watch is not Supported"   Our application does not support Samsung Gear S/Gear Gear 2 Neo/Galaxy Gear watches. These watches are not Android Wear compatible.  -- I have downloaded watch faces that were compatible with both android wear and Samsung Gear S watches so I Hope they add support for the Gear S2 soon.
Will not work. Keeps saying to set on watch first but does not appear on the watch to be able to do so.
Great for simple customization. It would be nice to be able to add one or two complications though.
It won't let me put it on my watch which is kinda the point so...
I'll say only one more word AWESOME
It doesn't work with custom images. When I select my own image and set it on my watch, my watch will blink for a few seconds, then switch to a blank watch face called "Simple". I can use Willow's stock backgrounds, but I cannot use my own. What's the point of allowing custom images then?
Great photos for watch face. You can add your own, customize to some degree how the time, etc. appears, and cool fonts available. #realhip
Love that I can use my own pictures on my watch face. It was easy to use. I wish there were more options for moving the placement of the time or cropping of the picture.
THIS DOESNT WORK ON THE SAMSUNG GEAR FOR EXAMPLE I AM NOT USING ANDROID WEAR OR WHATEVER IT IS CALLED IM USING SAMSUNG GEAR AND IT DOESNT WORK -5 STARs!!
I love being able to customise my watch face and match it to my phone.
App is great worked straight away with custom watch picture
Awesome app!  Works great with your own photos!
4 stars because it don't resized the photos
Does what it says it's supposed to do!
Very useful app to display an image from your collection.
Consider allowing user to remove added photos
So far so good!
It's amazing
it's great it's great it's great
Nice
So far I like it very much. I would really like to be able to show things like the battery percentage and temperature and moon phase as well as the time though. Maybe I just haven't found out how to do that yet. I just downloaded it last night. I love being able to put my own pictures on it and I very much like the variety of pictures that come with the app as well. When you choose a picture it loads instantly. Very nice. 🙂
One of the best watch face apps ever in my opinion, would get a five star rating but the app seems to lack the most simple tool ever when setting a photo as anything, resizing. I would love to put a photo of my girlfriend on my watch but the watch will only show the bottom of the photo and there is no way to resize the image at all. Real shame.
It never worked on my galaxy s7. I recently upgraded to the galaxy s8+ and it still doesn't connect.  It just sits on the synchronizing.  I really wanted it to work. Gave up. Uninstalling.
I really like this app, I have made some great watch faces with it. It has a great variety of fonts. I wish it had a color wheel so you could choose any color font instead of the few options given though. It would also be cool if it had a way to save a specific picture and font combination as a watch face that you could choose again. I would pay to have those features added.
Great, but only 1 main thing for me missing. Can I suggest you add watch battery percentage just below the date or above the time or customise where to place it. After that will give a full 5 star rating.
I like this app its works superb, I will recommend this to friends too. but I have some suggestions. 1. Allow to change uploaded photo position. Like if I have big image so allow to resize it or allow to set center of image in watch dial portion. 2. Give more options to set time, day and date part display.
This is probably the coolest watch face maker I've come across. It would be perfect if you could choose any color for fonts and if there were some kind of seconds feature! Great job.
Love it! I love you can add your own photo for watch face. Different colors and types of font is wonderful as well!
Great app and excellent support! Needed some help with initial setup on my particular watch and emails were responded to quickly, with the answers I needed.
Excellent watch face. Submitted bug to developer and they responded very quickly. Thanks :)
Please add complication support for Android Wear 2.0
Doesnt work on asus zenwatch 2... Keeps syncing... Drained watch battery
I really like the app, and used it for a while. But the only reason I have it 4 stars is because for some reason I can't set it to low bit mode.
A very simple and light apk. But what it needs is an ability to cycle wallpapers automatically on regular intervals from it's gallery
This app sucks. I installed it on my S8+ and it does literally nothing. Don't waste your time.
Good watchface, but no full-color ambient mode, no hourly sound/vibration, and no weather information. Good support.
Would love to see more widget support. <3
best ever watch face , tested on LG g watch , you can even put your photos on screen
Love all your faces for my watch.......I would really love a cross with a scene of Jesus Christ.
I wish you could move the time...i don't like it in the middle of the face.
Wish it could show batt life but so far it does the job customize to how u like it
Looks great on SW3. So far so good
I Have this watch, but it is not working now. The reason is that Android wear is not supporting.please do the needful
Very nice
it's pretty nice but a little confusing
ok
Would not load on a new watch
Nice
Would be 5 stars if Vader were included. How you can have Kylo and not Vader is a head scratcher.  It's a good watch face for Star Wars fans with a few options. I agree background options would be nice. Luke, Obi-wan, and a crybaby that pretends to be a sith....tsk tsk
Great all except it would be nice to change the background color, you can barely see Kylo Ren because black is the only color. Even just a white background option would be nice.
The wallpaper dosent stay on the one you choose... it keeps going back to the newer stormtrooper... LG Sport Watch/ Galaxy S8+
It would be great to have an automatic change of picture after x minutes. Also another feature request is more characters !
Looks good. Just wish it had Boba Fett
Just great
Awesome love all animals.
Thanks
Good
Most simple, unique and elegant watch on play store. Simplicity at its best. Good color themes... 5 stars..
I love it. The minimalistic design and the glow in different colors are great. And I like the companion app a lot :)
Bad
Can't change the default settings on the watch face. Settings lock up whenever I try to open them. Emailed the creator about it and have not gotten a response. Looks cool but settings is a big deal.  *Edit Settings do work through Android Wear app as creator suggested. I was having issues with wear app as well but after an update it's working much better and I'm able to change settings. Thanks.
Have enough custom options to really make look the way you want and I love this watch face
Pretty cool, I'm usually switching watch faces every few days, but I have to say this ones really grabbed a lot of screen time for me due to its simplicity.
This is honestly the best watch face I've used so far, which is saying a lot because I've had my smart watch for well over a year, and I change the face almost 3 times every week. I have been using this face for almost a week now and am very satisfied with it, its features are useful and the design is sleek. It's especially cool to me because I do hobby electronics and it remindes me of that one board for the raspberry pi.
Don't get me wrong, it's a great job well done but I would add more features like battery percentage or the option to not have the date in dim mode.
Worth twice the price
The screen becomes pixilated right before entering and after exiting the ambient mode which kind of ruin it but except that it's great
How can i use no widget no app icon
Simply the best watchface ever, congrats
I really like the "gas tank" battery life indicator and the dark woodgrain, very unique. I looked through what must have been 15 pages of faces before this one jumped right out at me as different. Well done!
This watch face is very unique and I can't wait to show it off!
Super cool! This design is very unique and stunning. I love it! Can't wait to see more of your design. :)
Very nice job thank you look forward to the full version
Discription?? Just apriciate the hours spent!!
This guy is brilliant. What an awesome watch.
Beautiful. Thanks for sharing it unlocked
Beautiful. Visually stunning!
Beautiful watch, thanks a lot!
i like it, very very like...
Doesn't seems to work on Zen Watch
Awesome
Love the look of this but has an issue with the date for the fossil q founder if that could get fixed totally 5 star
Dumb
Hope developer add option/function to save customised face. this is a very versatile watch face with tons of customisation. if able to save the colours and settings, things will be very good.
Running Android Wear 2, works great on my Moto 360, but can't get it to function properly on my Zenwatch 2. Both watches are using Android 6.0 and mobile is running 7. Too bad it doesn't function on the newer watch.
Very nice watch face.  I like the flexibility in settings.
Love it.
Just about every option you can think of is available. Even ambient mode has options. Only thing I would add is the ability to change the text size.
Falta opção para remover os ponteiros no modo ambiente.
There are almost too many options in this face, but it's well designed and looks great.
First one I've found that actually works 100% and doesn't kill the battery too fast. I can go 4 days between charges with this face!
Is there anyway to remove the watch hands all together??
I like the 'speed one' best, but this face is my number 2
Fantastic and very easy to customise. Good job well done with this one
Completely customizable and easy to set up. Looks great!
I love this watch face looks great and works really well with Google notifications. Very accurate weather and great integration with Google fit. This is in my opinion the best interactive watch face available. Just one request... Please could we have a few more choices with regards to the hands. I would love to be able to change the colour and also have more discrete hands. Although you added thin hands on the most recent update I still think that they still obscure too much of the face.
But, not sure why full weather details are still in Fahrenheits when I set degrees to be in Celsius.
You won't be disappointed :)
This is a great watch face.I have a few others from this dev.I would give 5 stars but it still needs some work.The weather is not yet that accurate and clicks on the widgets should open up more info.
Good watch face but drains watch battery very quick. Normally get 3 days use from 1 charge. Only getting 1 day with this watch face. If sorted will give 5 stars
So far I like it.  It'll give krona sunlight a run for its money on my watch now.
Very nice watch face the only thing missing is the ability to make text bigger
Love the customization and design.
Superb....loved it
refund immediately
Not work on LG Urban
Great app. Watch face.
The only two things that I wish you to fix in this face are 1) Week  day. 2) The light reflection of the skin is too bright so that when I use darker background color its contrast becomes not suitable. One extra advantage would be better if we can choose the lable color of the skin to be able to match the background and text colors. Best Regards and Good Luck
After purchasing watch face, it gives a message stating watch face will be available on your watch in a moment. It's been a month and I still waiting for that moment to come.
I want my money back you can't change the watch faces please give me my money back
(Huawei here) *PLEASE* add a true black theme for me. Please. I use two third party apps called "SWApp True Dark" and "Wear Edge Control" to get the darkest settings because I use my watch mostly at night.. I would like to see the date format with the weekday as well. And it would be a LOT better if the moon phase/timezone area if it were optional or a way to open a specific app. You guys almost have the perfect one for me. It's my birthday today, make that my bday gift lol
I love this watch face. Very clear and easy to read, great features and color combos, OUTSTANDING SUPPORT WITH QUICK TURN AROUND, IMO these guys make the best watch faces availabe
Been playing around with it for a bit and it seems to work really well.  Not too expensive,  definitely worth the purchase.
Great customer service and support. I will continue to purchase. Highly recommended.
Great watch face love it.
Looks great and works well on the lg smart watch urbane.
Beautiful Wear, worth the purchase. Go for it
I love the w04 but this is a great digital alternative. Great options for colours and not as busy as the w05. I will be using this for a while. Slight issue with temperature now it's in the minus.
This new watch face is remarkable in its design! Beautiful crisp clean design, quick and easy to find pertinent information without having to hunt for it, and just a really cool sleek customizable display that begs you to keep looking at it.  Forza one does it again!
Great looking watch face. Not too cluttered, and just the right amount of information to see. Really love the solid notification option when the watch is idle! I would recommend this face or any face from this company for anyone who has a smart watch!
I like this one best of all the Forza faces yet. Not too cluttered, easy to change options, and looks really great on my ZenWatch 2. Keep up the great work!
I've been looking for a complete watchface,  with clear information,  easy to read.  This one is one of the best
Nice looking face. Like the different skins.
Great watch to add to my collection
Perfect, just enough information.
As a pilot and gadget nerd, these hit the spot.  Simple and look great on my wear.  Toughest part of owning these faces is which one to use.             Note to the developers, on the altimeter watchface, make the colesman window be the date to add a little function too!
I thought this would be ideal for wear on a Moto 360, but once it was installed,  the watch gave looked nothing more than an enlarged image.  The screen itself isn't huge,  so I'm wondering why a smaller image file would be used.  It had potential.
I have installed several other apps from this developer and the quality of this one is no different. Great work!
Works great, dev very responsive, perfect for me!
Yeah, its a minor gripe, but with the airspeed indicator, it's pretty apparent, as the green arc is chopped off
Would be really delighted if there will be a color option for the time arrows beside orange.
Cant sync with fossil q wander + samsung galaxy note 5
Can anybody tell me how to sync it with my LG G Watch W100?
Couldn't sync with fossil q founder wear 2.0
How can I sync it with my Samsung Galaxy S5 watch??
It did not come in my watch
Not so good not so bad
I / like adidas
Will be apart of my watch face rotation
It's the great design of the great brand.
A nice reminder of Yohji!
I like it super thanks
Can't open it ...
what is the function?
Superb on the Moto 360 Sport
Ok
Good service
Isn't compatible with Huawei Watch.
Is worth it.
No good ui and feel
No complaints
It don't do nothing
Olamba
This is a nice, well designed watch face with useful customisation options. But notification text overlays the rest of the watch face in a strange way. I would also love more customisation options such as changing colour schemes
Looks nice but watch out for burn in on amoled screens. The ambient mode is prone to severe burn in. Keep it off !
If I could change colors that would be great! The customization is great but it's still lacking. Color options should have been given at the start, as I personally believe that every watch face should have color customization.
The watch face works perfect and looks fantastic on my LG Urbane! Would be nice to be able to customise the colours, I'd be willing to pay that as an extra feature hint hint!
Great animation and enough customization. I like your watch face as much as watch face of Ben. Good job!
Installed app but cannot find watch face anywhere. Using Moto 360 and Galaxy S7 carnt even find the app on my phone.
Love this watch face, simple and elegant. My only want however is for one of those circles to be a battery indicator. If you can add one in (or do something similar), it would be a complete package.
I keep coming back to this face! It's very slick, solid, and just plain looking amazing. Can't wait for the mentioned customisation options.
Would love the option to change the colours as the flat tyre is very prominent on the motor 360. Cheers
Great design, bit of Colour customisation would be absolutely fantastic but I can imagine a future update making this possible so still five star
I would probably like this if I could set the colours. In its current state I will not be using it.
Hey does anyone here know actually how to set it up on your gear...? It doesnt show on my gear clocks settings...
Doesn't work with gear 2 neo
Awesome free watchface, however the date option should have more options pertaining to users in the US.
Great idea, complete lack of customization.
Something different, but still easy tot read the time. Well done
I only wish there were more customization options.
Any idea how to use this on the gear s2?
Very beautiful on lg g r. Thanks
Nice app. May be nice to have some colour customization.
Wish I could make a donation!
Love it! Never had an issue with it :D
I hope to change color
Nice, simple, and looks great out of the box
Edit - Fixed, no complaints!
Change colours would be nice
Looks great!
Minimalistic and awesome.
Good wach
Very nice
Simple and work
Updating my previous review regarding poor battery life. Tried it again for two days, and battery life is back where it should be. I'm not sure if any changes were made to the watch face since I last tried it -- maybe my issue was just a fluke.  It would be nice if there was a pro version for a couple of bucks that added some more customizations, like color schemes, thickness of the rings, fonts, and the ability to add widgets like weather, Fit data, etc. I'd buy it.  Nexus 5 + G Watch R
I think this is the coolest and cleanest watch look for my Moto 360. It Is beautiful, the only thing that would make it better is if you could change the color but the blue is still awesome. It's weird that the Moto 360 in the picture slideshow doesn't have a " flat tire" bar for the sensor.
On oled screens you can see the circles for minutes and hours are starting to burn in the screen after a while. Luckily the effect is gone after a few minutes but I think eventually it may stay. Would be nice if in ambient mode the circles are thinner and less bright to avoid this.
Like the concept, but because of the circles, it over emphasised the black bar on my moto 360 since the outer seconds & minutes rings are completely masked by it. First time I've been overly aware of the watch's flat tyre is with this face. Also the centre digits seemed not quite exactly horizontally lined up level. An illusion, or perhaps my moto 360 module isn't exactly level in its housing. Again, only noticeable with this face.
I used this face for my go to since I got my smartwatch. After the last update the day and date are not within the circles any more. The circles overlap the date so it is not very legible.
I love how well it fits the "Wear" aesthetic, better than Google's default.  It looks lovely on my Moto 360.  Google finally made a face with date, but "Streetart" doesn't look nearly as clean as this and is harder to read.  Ambient support is much appreciated!  I'd love to see a few more things like am/pm label next to time, yet more date display options, an in-watch option menu, and (from Streetart) auto adjusting time/date display that moves up and down when cards come in.  Google, hire this vampire!
The time doesn't fit within the circle on square watches. Only issue and hope there's some fix for that if possible.
I love setting this as my face whenever I get off work. Feels like a default watch face from Moto. Really elegant yet casual enough, and simple to read. Love it.
Everything is overlapping, and options are sparse. Uninstalling now.
Loved the watch face. But only 2 requests..  1. An option to make the background black for oled screens( I have a zenwatch 2nd gen. And black background will hide the bezels.) 2. An ambient mode  Rest.. its awesome👍
great watchface, looks nice and neat
Loved it
Love the watch face looks really neat
Awesome... Can you please make it shoot when you tilt the watch forward.
Very nice!
Cute wallpaper !  And works great !
Beautiful. Love it
Love it so much
Really nice
Good but it kind of slows down my phone :(
Would have preferred a little more creativity. Uninstalling for now with the hope of installing a better upgrade.
its beautiful and free
Cute characters n vibrant colours...:-)
Good wallpaper
Very adorable
Fun
Nice
Love it! This is so creative and unique! Looks so good on my tablet ☺ Thank you to the developer for making this!
Awesome wallpaper
Keeps telling me to "install settings app" and takes me back to this page. There is no additional settings app to install, I don't know where it is and I'm stuck with the default colour
As others have mentioned, a few more colour options would be nice, as well as different background colours (eg, white/greys), as the colour diversity doesn't quite match the price. Overall though a very smooth and clean looking design
Looks nice but because the colors are so similar you can't use it in light. More color options are needed
Great!
Can't wait for the more color options to come out. However, it would be a lot nice if the time went closer to the edges of the display. It feels a little bit like it's adding an excessive border.
Doesn't fit the g watch r very well. Should skirt around the outside of the screen
A beautiful minimal face, though would like to see more options for color picking and an option for a fully colored ambient mode!
Just a rip off of the Ziiiro watch faces.
Please add more colours
Can't tell the time
Need more colors and add a date option
Edit: Works now!  Ever thought of also having an option for large cards?
Not from Colorado,  but I appreciate the concept 😃 I do want to visit though.
Shout out from Lakewood! 📣
I appreciate your different approach with creating the whole diet plan with recipes, but I think you should enable users to make some changes to it (considering all sorts of allergies and vegetarian/pescetarian/vegan diets)
Why can't I type what I ate. All it let's you do is check off some diet list.please fix it
I can't type in what I REALLY ate. I love the suggestions but I'm not about to go out and buy all the food the watch suggest as soon as I download it. :/ The ability to customize would be great. Stream line beautiful interface though. No imperial system, only metric. If we wana get really crazy macros would be a great addition as well.
As others have commented, imperial units would be great. But it sounds like you're already on top of that. There's no way for me to easily see what my daily calorie threshold is after its been calculated.  Aside from adding up all the meal totals or extrapolating from something else.  For me, I would like to set a threshold and jusy track calories conaumed manually. Ideally I'd like to sync with MyFitnessPal and use this app as a dashboard.  I'd even do a one time payment for just that functionality.
Pointless free version with no features. Lunch at 11am??? Really. Constant spam on moto 360 to use watch face, flattened my battery in hours. Don't waste the download.
It showing Dinner time when I was in afternoon 😐 please fix this issue. Add manual time settings
Need to have the ability to do ft for height and pounds instead of kg.
I like the app so far, however, it would be beneficial to be able to manually set meal times as different people have different needs outside of the times the app recommends. If manual meal times were an option the app would definitely be 5 stars as it's intuitive and attractive. The automatic meal times though really lowers the usefulness of the app for me.
Has been fixed and it works great on moto 360. Update: does not work Huawei watch.
A15 you can't format the date to MM-DD or format time to non-military.  Also no weather integration.  Otherwise, decent looking.
Low graphic quality on G Watch. A too busy display. Dim mode is busy too.
I put this on my watch at 7pm it's 8:55 now and my battery went from 50% to dead in less than 2 hours. Needs a sleep display badly or I'll just have to turn "always on" off.
Love it, but would like a dimmed screen with less clutter on it - maybe just the hands?
Not connected to SmartWatch 2, and when I want to refund appears an error and  can't make it
An eye catcher when searching for new watch faces but once installed it's even better.  Elegant simple sophisticated....Thanks
Loved it instantly as it installed on LG G Watch !! How do I change themes, it shows only colour option. Waiting for date feature. Superb !!
Great app, looks sick
Great app, i love it.
Great app
LG watch
not good
It is well done.
Nice
Does not line up correctly on moto 360
I cant download it
It's cool though

Great app.
A watch face for the most important time of the day. The motion effects and bubbles are fun and the watch face looks awesome.
When the watch speaks, I listen.
A bit of fun but no use as a watch
This is a really nice clean face design. I'd love it if the Dev would add some further complications. Maybe external app options to show at the top and bottom in the same style as the date and battery. Personally I'd like to have my polar flow exercise progress on there. Otherwise I love it, great looking clean face
It's pretty good
Almost perfect.  When you swipe up and the notifications on the watch show the dots shrink but in a circle above the notification.  I wish all the colors acted the same as the black watch face. Where it looks seamless. Other than that amazing work!
But I would like to have one more thing - the day of weeks and it would be excellent
Is it possible to switch the date with the battery?   The date is always on the right side of every watch,  except for this watch face.   Thanks!!!!!
Would LOVE if you could remove the leadoff zero.
Beautiful design with nice details! Love it!
Looks great. Love the minimalistic design. Have an LG g, if I could wish I would like the numbers to be bigger, possibility to add date if wanted and to manage settings from the phone.
I Love this watch face, but please add the date. I find i don't use it as much as other faces because of this one limitation. :(
Very nice watch face but it drains the 360 at an unbelievable rate.
The only thing it needs now is to display phone battery status
I cannot see the setting on phone
Its great but drains my battery crazy fast I think it's a bug please fix it
Had some issues early on, the developer reached out promptly and had the issues resolved in a very timely manner!
Would love option for date.
Nice and simple. But needs the date. A feature I use daily. Something small and out the way
I like the idea. I would like customization from androidware and not just the watch
This has become one of my favorite watch faces.
The app doesn't show up on my moto 360. Please help.
Looks great and animations are nice and smooth. Excellent developer support.
Quick response and fix from developer. Great watchface.
Colorful Dots 😊!
Looks great on my 360
Awesome watch face.
One of the best around!
Groovy, clean, savory as bacon
Really love the face, however would love 12hr format for those of us over here in the states, as well as different color options. I know developer is working on these two things so that's why I say 5 stars     Edit, already added it, thanks!
Those animations
...Really good that the developer is listening to customers, great watch face, grateful for the quick updates. Could be better with improvements to make the seconds ticker smoother. Colour schemes are welcome, but needs some refinement, would be nicer to just have different color options on the dial, rather than the background and this added outer-ring , current color options detract from the lovely design of the original. Just my opinion :-)
I NEED a 12 hour format watch face. Military time is not practical for me and I really need a 12 hour option. Design is beautiful though so ile keep it but I won't use it until I get my 12 hour
Nice watch face, looks great. I look forward to seeing some customizations like adding date, battery percent or maybe changing colors/background.
A very nice watch face that takes good advantage of both digital and  analogue presentation.
Everything is great! A must have watch face
Say this watch face on IG, so I decided to buy it. Needs some work
My biggest peeve is that the clock shrinks when you have notifications and it just doesn't look good like that.
good looking but uses too much battery on my G watch for me to continue using it
Don't care for the ambient mode. The rest of the faces are slick.
Love the Stark one
Love this watchface. It's pretty awesome, I especially like the transition of the numbers when notification pop-ups / when I close app. Only downside is that I am missing the month number there. But it isn't needed that much so I am giving the 5 stars.
Needs option to disable background for OLED devices.
Bought, installed, where it's it?? Can't find it....What happen. Refund, tell me where I went wrong. I'll try it again
Doesn't work
Absolutely stunning watch face. Much wow such material!
Nope doesn't work. Just sends me to ads to add more useless apps
Would not load watch try to sync it would go to add
Does not work
Guys please fix issues in embiant mode on LG Watch Sport !
Can't see the minutes
Very nice
Awesome
The weather part of the app doesn't not set automatically to my location and no where to configure says 80 degrees on the east coast in December mind you its 36 degrees outside
Does anyone know how to configure this? No options for the app available.
My copy of AVG Pro went nuts when I downloaded this.  It said it believed the app is malware.
我手表是moto360 gen 2th，似乎暂时没法刷，而且这表是学生我省出来的，不会刷也不大舍得刷…然后下了手表控以后发现不支持中国版wear，非要下原版的，就好纠结。请给出一个解决方案谢谢
非常好用在我的moto 360上。+1
I'm not upgrading to Pro just to change settings that should be available. Remember that metric is the unit of measurement that the rest of the world uses and your watch face is useless if it can't be changed. Uninstalling.
Really nice
I like this one a lot! Thanks for the color update, it looks even better now.
Good looking and simple face. About the only thing I'd ask for is a 12 hour time option.
One of the very few 3rd party watchface that looks really cool on moto360
Absolutely love this watchface, it looks great and isn't a battery hog either
Looks great on my sw3.
Good
Nice
It's good.
At first, I was shocked that the ambient face was just the same face, and left a 3 star rating. I couldn't find any settings on the watch, or in the Android Wear app, but did find it in the Blade X app. I'd suggest making these settings easier to find from the watch or the Wear app, as well as changing the default to a battery saving option.
Thanks a lot to you, WatchMaster.
But watchface will be black - not grey :(
Super Cute watch face! I love it!
Absolutely love it!!! Crossing for my fingers for more background colors in the future :)
Love the design, but would like a "second hand" on the square version
Very cute! Love it with the black design
Lovely designs
Simple and fun. This watch face has been tempting me for awhile. Finally, downloaded and am in love. Holocene isn't my favorite as it looks wonky on my round watch which is too bad... So cute.  Skinny Love and For Emma look great!
Can you add different icons other then fox? This would be for the square face.
Watch interface issues fixed. Great communication from seller. Nice watch faces.
My all time fav!
i absolutely adore the watch faces!  took a minute before it would work on my lg watch urbane, but it works great now.  emailed the creator about a problem and he replied very fast. please create more!!
The default Skinny Love watch face reminded me a lot of Life is Strange. Saw the face on the store and I had to have it! Works (and looks) wonderfully on my Moto 360!
I really like this face for my moto360 I had a couple bugs with getting the face to change but have since worked them out. Worth the .99¢
Love love love this face.  The background is black in resting with white date, time, and day. Very suttle.  Then when you touch screen it has white background and very classy.  Great app, great functionality!!!
I paid for this on my andriod wear. It never showed up for me to use....
First generation moto 360...this face does not work with my watch.
Perfect. Works and looks awesome on my Lg G watch.
Pretty! Wish I could add color to it but so pretty!
This is horrible. Title of my review says it all. I need a refund but do not see a refund option.  They need to fix the issues here. The number (actual time and date) do not show up on the Moto360 watch.
The new "for Emma" option is adorable on my moto 360 v2.
I just upgraded to the Moto 360 2... This was my go to watch face on my first 360, but with the new resting pixles it looks poopy when the watch is in stand by. Other than that this, in the dark mode, was my all time favorite watch face!!
I bought and downloaded this for my Moto 360.  It's a bit of a bummer that 24 hour isn't an easy option and the typeface is light and hard to read from a distance.  All together, it's so whimsical, sweet and feminine. I'm really happy to see this kind of design on the store. I recommend it to anyone looking for a simple design to use out on a date or around the office. The ambient display mimics the black background design and looks great.
Have a Sony Smart Watch 3, doesn't seem to wasn't too install on it. I'll get the refund now and maybe but lawyer if I switch devices or something... :(
Can't put on my moto 360
Simple, adorable! Has time, day, and date.
Pretty!
I'm giving it a three star rating cos the watch face looks lovely. One problem though - i've installed, and it hasn't appeared in the selection of watch faces for me to pick from on my watch (Moto 360). Also hasn't appeared in the Moto Connect app on my phone. So I can't actually apply the watch face... *EDIT* problem solved, guess it was a sync-ing issue, thanks. Watch face looks great.
Is there a way to make it 24hr?
Great clean watch face
It's super cute and i couldn't wait to use it but no matter what i tried i couldn't get it to let me use 12 hour time or a different style. Very frustrated.
Paid my money and the app didn't show up on my phone
Looks awesome!
Class
Watch face kept disappearing from G Watch R, developer offers no refund
So great  and cool
Love it
there's no championship Ashe plzz update it
Ashe  wall paper is very amazing ilove ashe
Its great ashe skin
Love LOL apps
I bought the paid version but it doubles my lock screen. I have to go through the original watch lock screen  then this one and now after restart of watch it doesn't work at all. I really liked the concept
Installed this on my doogee s1 smartwatch, and after about 2 mins, I get system authorization, you device will shut down in "20 sec" countdown timer and watch powers down.  Edit: installed, turned off Wi-Fi for hour, when turned back on it licences fine and works fine. Only crashes system if it tries to get licence straight after installing
Joke don't want to work.  Would have loved to have the trek app
I like it
Demo text on a free app and crap controls.
This P.O.S don't work
계속 다시 실행해야하는 버거로움 환불해주세요
does not work on Finow Q1 smart watch...... uninstalled.
It does not connect with my smartwatch.
I like it so i buy it work cool on my android watch
Very low resolution.
Does not work
Won't even open :(:(:(
Very nice.
Crap
Awsome
Installed app and purchased watchfaces, icon is there when go into Smart connect on phone but doesn't respond when clicked. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but currently it was a waste of money :-(
Appears as an app on Sony Smartwatch 2. The faces are excellent but you can't display them like a normal watch face. They're a waste of time. Shame because I'd give it 5 stars if you could actually use them.
I downloaded the app but I am unable to use it with my gear watch. It picks up the faces in my phone but not the watch.  Pls can someone assist me or alt refund me my money.
I didn't notice that the app doesn't work on the 1st gear till it was too late. I have paid for a clock face through this app and can't use it!  Any chance of a refund please?
I like a few of the faces with my favorite being the Star Trek themed LCARS, but I do have one issue with the application.  With Samsung Gear Live watch the clock screen stays on all the time but to save power it dims the screen then changing the colors of the watch face to black and white, this of course works perfect with the watch faces included with the watch.  However in this product many of the watch faces, including LCARS, dim fine but instead of going to black and white they change to some funky ugly colors.  I would increase my rating if all the watches faces offer the correct black and white colors for the lower power setting on the Samsung Gear Live watch.
I like a lot of the ideas (particularly the xray) but the graphics are very low quality.  If the sharpness got tightened up a bit it would be a 4 or 5 star app.
I downloaded the app, it said it worked for my gear 2, then after finding a watch face I liked,  found out I had to purchase the app. I did, just to find out the description had changed to say it doesn't support my watch. I really hope I get reimbursed and this isn't some bait and switch
Don't waste your time or money!!! It's very misleading saying it works with Sony SW2 when it's not even a watchface, it's an app
I have a Sony smartwatch and this app does not allow the user to select it as your main watch face. Totally useless.. nice faces but very pointless if it can't be displayed on your watch!
Please add better functionality to Moto360, but good work. Looking forward to updates cause pacman one its awesome, but no battery display.
This appears as an app on the Sony Smart Watch 2 and is therefore useless. Can hardly see the watch faces anyway as the are so dim, but the killer is that you cannot install them as the default watchface. Also no refund available - outrageous! Steer well clear!
I'm using a Note 3 with SW2 and this app does not work on my devices.  I can view the watchfaces on my phone, but there is no way to apply them to the watch.  Sad really, as there are some nice designs.  UPDATE: Just switched to a Oneplus One and it still does not work. 2nd UPDATE: I did get a response from the developer stating his opinion that the app works with SW2, but as others have pointed out, it appears as an app on the watch, not in the watchface selection. Totally useless. Certainly not worth $4!
The weather doesn't update on the Trek watch and the Square One watch.  And the date is wrong on the Simple watch! Rubbish!!
How do I make it stay on the watch face for my Sony smart watch 2? It keeps going back to my normal watch face.
Alot of them don't dim properly on the Samsung live gear though,  as being able to turn off the functions that don't work on some devices,  like the mail buttons and such would be amazing,  still great whether or not.
Yes it drains the battery some but nice to have different watch faces apart from the bog standard ones.works fine on Sony mn2 just need to be patient with app don't expect it to start up  instantly 27 different watch faces plus some can change colour making up to 41 different watch faces if you charge watch before using it will last a good few hours
I was so excited to add faces to my upgraded gear 1, I didn't realize this app was incompatible.
My Omate Truesmart keeps flicking between "Omate detected" and locking up with "buy license". Your DRM is bad and you should feel bad.
I have a Zgpax S8 and have got this as my lockscreen. If there was one thing to make it better allow the import of watchfaces from the likes of facerepo. Being able to import more choices of watchfaces would make this a great app.
Regret paying for this. The watch face takes 1-2 seconds to show up, showing my actual home screen in the meantime when I unlock my watch.  Defeats the point of the application entirely.  Also, Swiping the clock doesn't unlock the phone, it changes the watchface. home button must be pressed to remove clock
It states that it works with Sony Smartwatch 2 but it does not.  I purchased then purchased in app and it does not work.  Total Rip off DO NOT BUY.
Bought full app and still wasn't able to get in to work with my smartwatch 2.
Appears as an app on the sony smart watch 2, but you cant set any of the faces as a watcg face
Works as a lock screen and/or a standalone watch app. Displays battery and weather in addition to date and time. You can add more watchfaces and you can even design and program your own watchface to add to the app!
Needs to have options, or location based weather updates. Currently no idea where or which city the weather is based off of. It always seems to be 32°
Really love how the design integrates the black bar on my moto360 but where is the weather info coming from? How often is it updated? It seems wildly innacurate or only updating every 6 hours but then I wouldn't know since there are no options! Would buy this app of these basic features were added. The option to select GPS or town or city and set the refresh interval at least are needed.
The weather is always wrong. Wish I hadn't purchased this. I wish we could also change the opacity of the white circle so you could see more of the beautiful background pictures I paid for.
Needs to be better optimized for square watches. In ambient mode, the letters are so faint and thin it's almost impossible to see them.
Nice watch face but doesn't work in ambient mode also the phone widget is 1 minute slow. I would upgrade to paid version if you could customise battery bar colour, circle colour and select your own picture as background.
I wish it had a feature where you enter your city for weather. Or even better if it could integrate with yahoo weather. The weather surely isn't of my location as of now and no way to force update weather. When these are fixed 5 star 🌟edit: I'm sure the weather isn't for my city.
The weather just says 0°. No other complaints except that the weather is never correct. Please fix.
I find it very disturbing that the widget for phone does not show correct battery percentage of my watch!
Very nice.  The phone widget doesn't support 24h mode it seems. Any chance of fixing this?
It's good, but please, it should allow solid colours as background. Thanks!
Please fix ambient mode and would be good to add custom photos
Needs backgrounds that change with the weather.  More opti.ons
Please fix the temperature says 0
no 24 hour mode and no settings
Big fan of the design, it's great to show off how the watch can look. Inaccurate weather keeps me from using it regularly. App needs ability to enter location and/or better reporting for user's location. Would be a daily watch face otherwise.
This is one if the most elegant 360 watch faces available, however it could be improved In a few obvious ways. The ability to view cards was recently added and works very well. Ambient mode could use a little tweaking as letters and icons are left transparently on the face and takes away from the elegant design. No notifications on ambient mode might be nice, Im sure the developers will decide the best way to deal with ambient mode. Overall this watch face is very impressive. Worth the money in my opinion.
Looks really good but the weather is always wrong. Not sure if it thinks I am somewhere else?
Why does this not show up in the android wear app?
I love the Google now/material design look of the watch face itself. The backgrounds remind me of the faces first featured in the moto 360 teasers! The only problem that I have is the look of the cards in the ambient display mode. The app is new and I don't doubt we will see many improvements in the future!
This is my favorite watch face by far for my Moto 360, but the weather forecasts are consistently wrong. I don't know if weather isn't being updated fast enough, or if its using the wrong location data. Lastly, battery optimizations would be useful.  Update:   The developer has been very helpful and cleared up questions I had with the weather functionality.
How about custom backgrounds (for the pro version)?
Can you make a square version? And the weather doesn't work
It's very simple and elegant! I just love it!!
Simple and elegant
The app has no actual features or buttons to toggle except choose your background picture that isn't visible anyway and buy our app. Not to mention the stupid weather doesn't even work it shows the wrong weather all the time and I have no idea what that on/off toggle is at the top right of the app.
I bought the pro version and would like to see the option to add our own photos in the background. Other than that the face is great!
Has an almost 3D look to it and hides the missing slice at the bottom.
Can we add our photo or color?
Great concept and execution!!!
I could make a better watch face for free. In fact, I have.
The watchface is gorgeous and beautiful but the font is too small to read on my LG G Watch, very limited customization like for example custom background, changing the color of circle, font, more weather options (set preferred location like my home if I'm travelling)  and maybe even  some sweet animation when you tturn on your watch like Pujie has. :)
celcius and 24h option please...
Love it!!!
love the way it is supposed to look on the picture but the face is terribly aligned on my moto360 running Lollipop 5.1.1
Doesn't fit for Moto 360 after 5.1.1 update for all your watch face apps.  It used to fit. Was worthy of 5 stars before
This is an okay face for my LG Urbane. I would have liked it to be slightly sharper in appearance. It seems a little fuzzy.
Stopped working. Wish I could get my money back.
It stops working after a few hours please fix
Doesn't work with Wear 2.0
super!!very easy to read!
It seems to be okay, but there are a few problems.  The main problem being that the step counter doesn't ever reset.  I have check Google Fit and it resets, but the indicator's counter does not.  I've tried messaging the Dev on FB with this issue, and a few feature requests, with no answer.
It doesn't say you need to buy the premium, just to use a custom photo background. Misadvertising.
Almost love it, would be nicer if the font size of the digits around the watch to be smaller, similar to your classic version. that would fix the overlapping multi display circles on top and bottom of the watchface
Great customizations, but also some things missing I would expect to find. It loses a star for not giving an option to hide the watch face markers in ambient mode.
Its got some great customizations but i can't figure out how to us the default aw2.0 complications.
This is the best watch face out there I think there are a possible 17 quick buttons and it's able to launch any app on your phone and any picture you want can be set as the watch face it would get a 5 star if they add a crop to the photo selector so you can fine tune the photo *using premium* well worth the cost
Got some awesome results with this app. It would be good if you could resize the background image though.
After premium payment when I change the image it says app not responding this is frustrating 😠
Number of pictures that come pre-installed are limited and seem purposely bland.
I have puchased the premium . but custom photo not working
Nice apps thanks admin..
The paid version is a rippoff. Way to expensive and not worth the cost
I like the watch faces but the Premium option is a ripoff, as you purchase the same features for every watch face. I'd like to see the developer change their fee to unlocking the main features once, then charge a nominal fee for additional faces. I'd rate a 5 if they did this. I will NOT purchase anymore Premium from​ them. I did have an issue and they responded right away, so they have good support, I just don't like having to buy the same features for every face.
Premium version will let me select a custom picture ONCE, but won't let me change it. Shows the new photo in the app, but not on the watch. Switching back to categories changes, and I can choose lots there, but switching back to custom picture reloads original custom picture on the watch. Huawei watch 1, Android Wear 1. Huawei Nexus 6P
Like it but the weather stuck on 19 all the time
When making a watch with your photos it will NOT switch when you hit "apply" only the colors change. Have to go in and re select the photo manually.
I liked everything about the watch but the ambient light mode is to dark. Even with the light control installed, it's to dark.
Hi there seems to be an issue where the digital display for the clock is an hour out to the correct time shown on the analogue hands
Great stuff
Works like it says.
This is my all time favorite watch face.  I often get asked where I found it and I direct them to the app.
Great
Most of the reason I paid for this watch face was to have that redraw of the display elements like an old departures board.  This watch face doesn't seem to do that.
No animation and the weather area is showing nothing.  Refunded
This watch face is rad but it doesn't allow phonecall notifications on my Moto 360.
Great but battery level widget would improve.
Maybe in a future release add to functions to the top cogs?
The color and idea is very awesome. but i have a wish that why not make it as a burning ball, like a sun, so everyone will just feel holding a sun on their hands, it's powerful. And pls design it in animation not image, it will be more impressive. when user checks time, the sun is coming out, and many strong activities happening on it, the time will also show during the activities. Please  take my idea as consideration. ths!
Everytime my phone and watch lose sync the color reverts to normal,  and its painful to go into settings,  switch off my desired scheme,  And then back on to get it back.   this also happens when switching faces and back.   Fix this please,  and I'll re-rate the app higher.
Is amazing! I love lava, and this face fulfills my fetish of hot molten things. Thank you so much for completing me.
I can't wear my watch now due to the heat from this app. Looks great. Really helpful as a cigarette lighter
It's a very basic warchface, as described in the description. But except from showing you the time, it has no special features, not even tapable actions. It's ok, but I'd love to see some more functionality.
Worked well until android update on moto 360 and now has doesn't fit the watch. That being said, I do like the color scheme.
Apparently doesn't work on Fossil watches.
Best watch faces I've found basic consept with nice design
It looked nicer in the app store than on my watch.
Would be cool if it stayed on more than 5 seconds..
Good for those cold days.
Matches MALAY MALAY decor in League city, Texas'
Love,love,love this watch face.
I can...dab,with this 1...
Simply beautiful
very very nice
Very nice
Crap
Doesn't show up on my Moto 360.  Uninstalled.
To heavy to download...and i already pay for it
Kütüphane kısmından ilmihal kitabı açılırken hata veriyor
please add the feature of looking for a verse in al quran like al quran android apps other
please fix cannot connect to host in Android wear 2
Error code 492 İndirme başarısız oldu hatası alıyorum. Fakat diğer uygulamalar düzgün güncelleniyor
Older version is much better  now alarm is not working
The app just stopped working after update. Kindly do something. Thanks
Lg v20 ikinci ekranda bildirim saati ana ekranı açıp kapamadan güncellenmiyor ve bunu 5mblik Cep vakit yapıyor onu kullanıyorum şuan
It is pro, free add version but behind the add version, streaming does not work at all and failed in many occasions to give an alert on time, please fix and correct, thank you.
Awesome app, keep improving 👍
Worth to buy it..
SUBHANALLAH..... INSHAALLAH ALL BLESS give to has make this software....
60 dakika kalınca çıkan küçük cami içindeki simge xiaomi  de  çalışmıyor. Sanırım fontun büyük olmasından kaynaklı.  Eğer mümkünse onu da yükler misiniz? Teşekkürler
After last update, not working at all , there is no alert warnings at all
semoga berkah
Piyasadaki en başarılı
Allah razı olsun, sayesinde vakitleri kaçırmıyor ve her yerde Kur'an-ı Kerim'i arapça, türkçe, meal ve tefsirini okuyabiliyoruz, tesbihat,  toplu hatim, zikirmatik ve amel defteri özellikleri de çok güzel düşünülmüş.
Az daha vakit kaçırıyordum. Önceden sorun yoktu yeni arayüze geçince oldu. Acilen düzeltilmeli. Yine de favorim
Android wear watch face ine tarih eklenmesini rica ediyorum
What a awesome app i think that its the best there are whatever i want
Bazen de kuran okuduktan sonra çıkış yapmıyor. Kilitleniyor. Genelde yeni temada yapıyor kilitlenmeyi.
Herşey çok güzel ama bu Bylock olayı beni çok işkillendirdi. Nedir bunun aslı astarı?
Reklamsiz versiyonu satın aldım. 28,53 mb yukleniyor ama programin krulumunda hata cikiyor. Kod -505. Telefon modeli: SONY D6633 (z3 dual)
a good application. You've done some good work may Allah reward. We recommend using a alarm volume for adhan  notifications not a ringtone volume.  Thank you Wien
Please fix the prayer time for Sri Lanka
Tebrikler.
Yeni problem namaz vakitlerini yanlis gosteriyor. Acilen duzeltilmesi lazim. Diyanet namaz vaktini kullaniyorum simdi.  Neden turk hafizlar yok. Olsa super olacak. 😄
Better then Muslim Pro!
program güzel fakat vakitleri yanlış göstermeye başladı
Şehir seçmek mümkün deyil
Vakitler yanlış
The prayer times in paid version didn't suit the real prayer times.. already trying change the city and make some adjustments, still didn't works..
The paid version is obsolete as there is no JAKIM calculation method so I'm getting my refund back....
Prayer time didn't suit the real time adzan in my country.
Telefonun içindeki dosyalara ulaşabiliyor, dinleme yapabiliyor. Casus program. Kesinlikle yüklemeyin.
Please create watch faces from your watch-like widget.
Çok iyi bir uygulama süper....
Sabah namazı süresinin bittiğini bildiren güneş vakti'nin de bildirimini ekler misiniz?
Mükemmel, great
Loved it
I really love the way it looks on my Zenwatch 2. The only thing I don't like is the icons aren't shortcuts to the apps on the watch. Would like to access them by touching them. Seriously my only complaint.  Second complaint: after using it for a while. Step tracker icon on watch isn't updating. Fit updates on my phone but the watch always displays 0 steps.  Using Nexus 6 and Zenwatch 2.
Looks nice and performs well on my Moto 360 Sport. Only complaint I have is the jagged edges on the circles for the battery and the date, they are a bit of an eye sore. I wish it had more options, like to enable or disable the digital clock, the battery, or the date. Otherwise, I love the simplicity, just that jagged lines problem.
The redlava app is among the top battery users listed in the android wear app and I don't even have this watchface selected. Not sure what the app is doing but uninstall it goes...
I bought this face because I wanted to see steps taken, day/date/month, time and battery remaining and initially it worked very well, it still does. My issue is that the steps often do not always tally-up with the app on my phone (Sony Xperia). If I switch the face back to ‘Essential’ which is supplied as default the steps are the same. I don’t know where this face gets it step count from but not being accurate is annoying. Other than that, I really do like this face.
Difficult to install on Android Wear 2.0 but that's because that version of Android Wear is terrible and not the fault of this application. Watch face is clean, simple and easy to read.
Drains my huawei watch battery in half a day, native watch faces keep my watch alive for 2 whole days. Would love it if it was usable. As it looks really nice.
Looks great on the huawei watch. Step count is out of sync and feet icon is overlapping the border. Definitely a 5 star app when this is fixed and more customizations added.
I like the way it looks on the watch but I can't find the app in my phone to customize the way it looks. After I found it, it doesn't have very many customization options but still looks good.
I've resynced the apps through the android wear and an hour later I can't find the face. Everything is up to date to my knowledge
Just installed this on my Moto 360 v2 and it looks fantastic. It has analogue and digital which is what I wanted and it also tells the date and your steps. The ambient mode still looks good and is easy to read. A bit more customisation would be nice.
Looks really good on g watch r. Running 5.1.1 on note 4. Ambient mode looks great too. I wanted a watch face with both analog and digital clocks and this one does that looking great
Working fine on Moto 360 on 5.1.1 - Looks razor sharp, great & functional WatchFace
Purchased this app yesterday and it says install but I can't find the app. I Uninstall it and reinstall it today still can't find the app nowhere not even inside the android wear. Try to explore the store to contact the support but I can't find it. Until they support me I can't review this product.
This is a really good looking watch face.  I have it on my black 360.  It's the best one I have and works well without any issues.
Very stylish and understated. However the step counter always shows a different count to other watch faces or the phone app.
Would like to be able to turn off the digital clock.
Got refunded.
Please add!
Don't buy it is fake for 360
Love the look works great
Works on Huawei watch also
Great watch face, would like to see steps stored on the watch.
Good, but the steps icon is not within the circle
Very good. 👍
Beautiful watch face.
Good!
Love everything about this face, just very disappointed about the res. I have a Moto 360 and compared to the screen shot it doesn't measure up. Hope the designers update this to high res sometime soon.
Looks fake not bright and HD disappointed compared to the screenshot and nothing for settings.
This is my favorite so far,  but I wish I could invert the minute and hour hand colors with the seconds hand color. Minutes and hours are a little difficult to see at times. This add alone would make this a 5 star
Maybe an option to put a step counter, our other info could be an improvement. Great face though
Have had for a few weeks and Love the Face.  I noticed your sample is missing an Hour hand.  It was a little difficult to figure out BUT once I did I quit paying any attention to it!  I LIKE the Time Front and Center and HIGH with the upper part of the Round Face.  Would recommend buying this  Watch Face for the Moto 360 (1st Version - can't wait for the "newly improved (battery life) version to be related later this year, I understand.
Just got my Sony SW3 today & got it talking to Backcountry Navigator (GREAT APP) & got this watchface. Love it! Yeti
Not designed for moto 360
Lovely watch face, but just a little light on features for a paid option. Many other faces offer much more customization. I would have kept this one as it looks great as is, but I didn't have the option of setting a second time zone (using the digital for this would be great) and I do too much work with clients overseas. Weather would be a nice option as well.
Doesn't look very polished on my huawei watch. For example the steps icon is half in and half out of the circle. Looks a bit pixelated also. Refunded
Hence uninstalled.  Also widgets on watch face didn't work on tap. Lots to improve guys.
I cant see it on moto 360
Pure garbage,i want a refund!
There is almost no options to customize it....
Won't download to my LG phone, it's on my Pixel apps.section just can't get it to my lg-h270
Very cool looking watch face! & the always-on display looks awesome!!
It showed up after two reinstalls. Persist if you're having this issue because the watch face is very nice. Thanks to the dev for his swift reply and offer of help. It's appreciated.
Timely is one of the best looking apps out there and i havet been on the hunt for a watchface with the timely look since i got my 360. Really great job herr! Personally I'd like to see some features like bigger fonts and being able to see Phone battery status as well as watch battery. Weather would be cool too! Maybe even an analog clock option similar to the Timer/stopwatch feature in the timely app? Anyways, Really liking this and I am looking forward to future updates!
Absolutely beautiful faces just wish that we could make the time and date larger, it is too small for my eyes ;) Looking forward to this being in an update soon. If you are considering adding weather etc please make it optional as I reall would love to keep just the time and date. Thank you.
Absolutely love how this face looks. It would be even better if you could match the number size to the Moto 360's stock digital face for easier at a glance viewing. Off to a great start, and I can't wait to see how you improve it.
Dev was quick to respond to my concerns. Really nice animations on this face I haven't found anywhere else. Very excited for custom presets.
If you could add a phase beam theme, matching the colors from the live wallpaper that used to come on nexus devices I would be so excited :D also an option to remove the tiny bubbles coming from the bottom would be great
Looks beautiful. Timely is definitely one of the best looking apps out there. Great job capturing the look and feel. If you can find a way to add weather without crowding the face too much it'd be perfect!
Looks great!  Would rock to have colors change with time of day or battery level, but I'm guessing these are already on your list of tricks for upcoming versions.  5/5 either way.
The first ever review from me.... just had to say that this is just a awesome face for my lg g watch r..... animations are smooth and delicate... we'll worth 99p cheers
I would like to be able to make the time larger...its too small.
I love this theme, I'm really looking forward to future updates! I'd definitely like to see a weather option at some point down the road. . . . Edit - also the option for large cards!
Love this watch face. Will give 5 stars when weather and battery stats are added. Would also like the date a little larger. Great job dev!
10/10 would do it again. Classy and elegant. No regrets. I like the clock closer to the top but would like the option to change fonts and make larger. GREAT JOB.
Have reinstalled 4 times, still not showing up as an option in Android wear. Please help!
I love Timely, glad to see the same design on my moto 360 now. Looking forward to your updates.
Well done! Just need a color wheel so we can adjust the colors to our exact color specifications.
Can't wait to have more customizable options with font sizes and user color options.
With all of the theme choices there are a lot of colors to coordinate  with suits.
The pink one is really cool! I love the bubble effect by the way...
Very pretty, but hoping to be able to scale up the numbers in future versions.
Very soothing, love it, larger fonts will be good, but love this watch face!
Great looking, but how do I change the color of the face?
Perfect design and layout. Definitely one of my regulars
Love it! But, how do you change the settings??
BEST!!!
Beautiful design
Nicely done
Beautiful.
Beautiful

I absolutely adore this watch face, I wouldn't change it's aesthetic at all-- and at first it was fine. I don't know what changed, it suddenly started being a battery hog, using just over 91% of my battery. Had to uninstall because it was getting down to &lt;10% after a typical work day, dying during my shift more than once.
Bubbles should animate always.  After they stop, I can hardly see any movement.
This guys been busy since the last few faces I brought. This is one hell of a top face!!!!!! One of the best on my moto 360..love it! 30 years hay where did the time go! ;) keep up the great designs...
I keep getting notifications constantly to rate this watch face. It's a fine watch face, but I don't want to be spammed 4 times a day from a tiny app among hundreds on my phone. It's just ridiculous. Please fix it.
Crashes on the watch and on the Android Wear app. And doesn't stop pestering you to rate it 5 stars. So here you go, dev. You earned 1 star for being annoying. Maybe if the face worked you'd get more, but this was a waste of time.
Here is an 1 star rating just to make it obvious how much I hate your tactics. Btw, I am considering paying but I won't because you've put more effort into the spamming compared to everything else.
Screenshots show dates and both black & white backgrounds. Date and white require an upgrade to pro version. No mention of this in app description. Might have paid but for the deceptive description.
1 star for continuing to force a review even after I have said no ever and over.
This app pesters me several times per day to leave a 5-star review.
It keeps asking you to rate the application.
Keeps asking for rating....sorry gang
Lg g watch r
Can be improve...
Great customization. White theme is looking cool on my wear
White theme is pretty cool then black
A wonderful little watch face that changes throughout the day. Only complaint is that one or two frames of the day-night cycle are a little boring, such as the very last frame of the van leaving where you can only see its back half.
I really love this watch face... Buy I wish the dimmed face had just the time (text)... There is a slight gradient in the background, which causes those pixels (in led displays) to remain on potentially reducing battery life... A case of aesthetics vs practicality...
My only issue is the notifications and the date clash in ambient mode. It could be cool with the (very recent) 1.3 update if you could re-trigger the animation. One of the best faces for moto 360.
I love the hand-scrawled look of the time on the idle screen. It would probably be my favorite just for that, but the little background stories are cute too.
I keep coming back to Un Petit Monde as the watch face for my Moto 360. There's just something about looking into the watch and seeing a tiny world living on your watch screen. The stop-motion animations are nice, and it's very cool to have different scenes depending on the time of day. Would love for new scenarios every day! I would be more than happy to support the development of this watch face.
The last update was in December 2014. There are only a few scenes. I was hoping for more but as it's been so long since the app was updated we probably won't get any more scenes.
I've tried a lot of watch faces on my Sony Smartwatch 3 and none have been as simply beautiful as this.
Looks pretty good except that the animations are a little choppy and haphazard but overall pretty nice. Was a pain in the rear to get it to show up on my watch, had to disconnect and reconnect it a few times.
I love it apart from one thing. The date isn't visible if there is half a notification covering the bottom half if the screen.
I really like these little scenes. I love the font of the time as well. I also noticed that my battery lasts quite a while with this face.
Excellent theme and style. Could use a few more variations and play the animations a few more times in case you missed it the first time.
This has been my daily driver for over two months, and in that time, I haven't been able to find a watch face better than this.
It is a really nice look face. I like a little bit of motion and change in the background. Nice touch. Clever art concept with a nice modern feel.
When I first got the Moto 360 I wanted it to still look like a normal time piece, until I have this a try.
I just downloaded the watch face for my moto 360 sport, and I would absolutely love it, except for the fact that when in ambient mode, the date and notifications are displayed on top of one another. You can't read the text for either. It's a simple fix, the date could be moved above the time, and it wouldn't clash.
Love this little thing. Beautiful pictures, nice little story. I hope that there will be more themes at some point. I would pay for that.
This is just a great simple watch face that tells a story. This is my daily watch face, I keep coming back to it because I love it so much. Thanks! On my moto360.
With new watches such as the Huawei the battery life is so good it could show the full watch face all the time.
So cool looking! Reminds me of the old I spy books I used to read growing up. I like to look at my watch just to see the beautiful picture.
I wish there were more faces like this one... Or more animations more "stories" etc
The watch face is a little bit of fun thoughout the day. The photos are beautiful and the design is simple and elegant. I recommend this delightful watch face that puts a smile on anyone's face 😊
Crashes on my Moto 360, unusable.
I wish it added some weather indicator above the time and it would be perfect.
Love this watchface, it keeps surprising every time I see it. Nice soft light in sleep mode and great motion and colours in live mode.
A cute change of pace in watch faces. Includes a nice low-bit ambient mode.
Concept is great. Would love a few more scenes throughout the week
The best watch face.  Every time you take a look at your watch you get a nice peaceful feeling.
Love the little animation, particularly the night time one with the camp tent. I wish the afternoon/day background was more than the current "desert"
This is my favorite free watch face at the moment. I love how the image changes with the time of day.
Includes just the necessary information. Clean, spare design. Avoids the flat tire issue.
Crashes instantly on LG GWatch R
Best concept design, always comes back to if after installing a new face,
I would have given this app an A+ but the screen shots show the weather icon option above the time but there isn't an option to place it.  :-\
This watch face inspire me every day. I dreaming about my next trip then I see it.
Wish there was a new scenario every day...
Love to see the changes through the day. This face is fun and make you smile.
Why does it have to dim? I want an option to have this always visible.
Would not open.. Can't get to sync between my Note4 and my SamsuGear2 Watch...
I can't use it for my moto 360
Doesn't sync with moto 360 2nd version with Android wear 2
Works great and looks amazing!
Absolutely stunning
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
This watch face is beautiful to look at and is exactly what I was looking for. However, I wish it had settings either built into the watch face or as a separate app. There is no option for 12 hour time, any additional options or settings for shortcuts, and the weather information is inaccurate for my location and lacking Fahrenheit measurement.
This is the second face that I have purchased both not working right on Hauwei smart watch 2 sport also purchased pro watch face it's not letting me change preinstalled watch faces Dev team need to fix soon as I have payed for both watch faces tried to email Dev team but Google mail can't send because it's the wrong email address really hope that they read the comments on here and sort both watch faces that I have purchased
I love the watchface. Is there anyway to change from military time? It's not exactly clear.
My favorite watch face.
Rad watch face and excellent communication/help from dev. Looks great on my Moto360.
Could not use it with fenix 3hr
This app doesn't show Day or widget on Moto 360.
Great face no problems
Great work!
It downloaded supposedly to my phone to setup on watch but never showed up.  Too bad as I used to have this on Garmin fenix3 and really liked it
B
How does it work😕
Do we need to install it on phone or smart watch??
It's all right
Really like this close up animation and ambient digits are large enough to read, great!
Does not work with Huawei Watch.
It doesn't fit with Huawei Watch, there is a large blank line on the bottom of the watch.
This watchface looks great and performs fantastically. Battery usage is light and there are a ton of customization options. However the date doesn't update until I turn it off and then back on in the options menu every day. 3 stars until fixed.
This app is all i ever wanted. I really am surprised that there are not more like it around. I am able to customize everything just right and the digital glitch animations look really cool.
I have no idea what some of these system UI settings are. Status bar gravity? Protect hotword? Card progress mode? Are these documented someplace?
Well worth the money, been looking for this for ages... looks amazing in black. Thanks again you nailed it :)
Love the animation. Any chance of a less manic battery indicator?
Very awesome and simple with lots of customization!
Absolutely awesome! Smooth animations and nice customisability! However I wish you cold change the background colors with a little more precision rather than picking a color and having it tinted a darker color on half the screen. Also a companion app on the phone through the android wear app would make customization far quicker and easier. Also, with as many options as this watch face has saving presets would be nice, but not required.
It'd be nice to turn off the am/pm indicator, change the font, and have more options for the date format. But as I said, all around great face
This watch face is brilliant and beautiful and the developer is after updating and improving this app. Would recommend.
Needs an option to change the look from the phone so the watch can stay on the charger. This would make it fast and save battery when playing around with customization.
This watchface is very slick and works well on my Moto360. Also, there is a lot of settings available. Perfect for the price !
First watchface i bought after WatchMaker - totally worth it =)  Update: Thanks for quick fix, perfect again.
I don't even bother using other watch faces.  The customization option are just awesome.  Well done!
Edit: Fixed. Best digital watchface out there.
This face is what android wear and smatchwatch's are all about.
Great face!
I love this watch face. Simple, stylish and easily customized. Developer responds quickly to questions!
Bross. You the real MVP. You need to become a top developer for watch faces...your work is amazing, I don't think anyone can honestly top those beautiful "Glitch" Animations.
Looks wonderful and pretty nice customization options. My request for a future update is to add battery life percentage.
At first I had the time not updating bug, but now all appears well!
Love the design!
Great face, great dev. Highly recommend.
I like it, beautiful and techy watch face, truly deserving of my 5 star rating. :) Saw that settings are available on the watch.
It will be even better once the settings is moved to the wear app itself. :)
I love the simplicity and the options. The ability to rotate the display is a nice touch :)
Best animations i've ever seen on a watchface!
Gosh, I just want a digital face without weather, heart rate, and on and on and on and on.  So, this is very nice, and I'm happy with it.  There is only one problem:  Please, please, please, please, don't make people go through what I had to do in order to figure out HOW ON EARTH DO YOU GET TO THE SETTINGS, and provide a simple sentence to the effect that you can access the settings via the "choose watch face" control ON THE WATCH.  I was always changing the watch face via the Android Wear app on my phone, and for the life of me I couldn't figure out how to get to the settings.  There is only the most very brief split-second look at it in the video -- I actually had to rewind it and put it on pause to see that it was in the "choose watch face" control.  So, one sentence, could you please add that to your description?  It would save all kinds of time and aggravation!
i love it, best ui. and i would like to ask for freedom custom color optional for the background and the font and also option to dismiss the outer ring of the watchface so the ui much wider..pleeeeeease 🙏
One of my faves.   Love the digital look.   One slight weather sync issue,  it goes blank sometimes even with always connected and no optimization.
I really enjoy this watch face. I always find myself going back to using this one. It has a retro look and clean face. Works fine and is quick to display. No issues with notifications or apps. Android wear slide functions work fluidly. Great work! Makes the Android wear experience great.
It's very hard to read notifications on this watch face since they won't go opaque in Moto 360. I've reported this issue to the developer, no fix was provided.
One of my favorite faces now thanks to the battery improvement. I prefer the black and white mode.
Can you provide an option from where can be choosen what element to be displayed in ambient mode?
Best 'LCD' I have seen so far!
This is one of my top 3!!
Just recently, when there is any notification, the panel color will become black and white (less than 1s), then becomes the color I choosen. Hope can fix it  in future
Love the watch face. However, it is a serious battery killer. Please fix asap.
Best watchface I ever seen, but the battery drain is 2 or 3 times more than a regular face, even with minimal settings. I hope the developers fix this issue soon...
make my watch energy empty in 5 hours
This is very nice looking on the Moto 360! Love it! Well worth the money!
Nice and works really good, likes given a good choice of the round sharp watch.
Love the face. However my battery drains real fast.
What about us square watches?
The words on the top and the side are just a bit misaligned.  The are pushed off the edge a few pixels to many. I guess its ok but it looks funky under the beveled glass on the moto 360. The text for the year/week, the last digit under the week gets real close to the edge, too close. I think it's touching.  Check your spacing.  been wanting a option from you to do this. [Change colors] Still would like to see it on A06 watchface, I think that one looks way better than this one.  but ill take this for now.
Great face; however, I believe that it could be improved by removing the gray bar around the sides, much like the A06 watch face. If we could have an A06 Watch Face with the details such as temp, battery percentage of the phone, and overall theme (minus gray bar) it would be perfect!
This watchface is perfect. Changing colors is awesome.
This face would be perfect if a 12 hour format was included. Also, it is difficult to figure out that tapping the watchface changes the color as opposed to a settings menu on the android wear app like most other watch faces use. Great work, highly recommend this watch face.
Simple, easy, awesome. Tap to change colors.
Don't know why, but there exists no menu to choose a color from. Using LG G Watch.
Love the looks but I got to download it, but I can't get it to or in my watch to use. H E L P  PLEASE   PLEASE!!
better than textra IMO though wish they had minor cosmetic details. for example screen animations, emoji animation support (like mood and messenger) and the read/receive checks to be smaller. overall pretty by good.  edit: actually just noticed group messaging option to "mute" is NOT AVAILABLE. feel this is quite an oversight and might make me switch back soon
Love Chomp!! Been using it a very long time now, on several devices. It is the only decent texting app out there! So feature-filled, and devs really design it according to actual user realities, no grandstanding, just honest excellent development. Many thanks, you are truly the greatest text app of all time!
Chomp is hands down the best texting app I've used. Highly customizable and no annoying habits like the others. I really like not having to show the avatars (contact pictures).   If you don't like the ads buy the pro version. It's the last texting app you'll ever buy.   Chomp gives you a clean functioning interface. 👍  It's dark mode is awesome!  If I had to nic-pic to find something I don't like,  it would be it's full immersive mode behavior. It's not as seamless as other apps.
I tried many messenger apps, and this one the easy to use and custumize. As I really am only using it as SMS app I haven't searched if it has any other features like video calling/group video calling, group messaging (saw MMS but haven't used it yet),  or other features some other messenger apps have. So if you want a easy to use messenger app that focus on texting and allows you to custumize with easy with all the gimmicks this the app for you. Even the ads unlike some apps don't get in the way.
I have used a dozen SMS apps. And found this is best app... for dual sim mobiles as well as single one.  It contains a lot of other options one can wish for.... best thing is that it is perfect ....no bugs... no issues.... Even adds are in a very sober style and don't irritate at all. I have changed many cell phones and after using built-in SMS app I have to switch to this app. Because it is very handy and no bugs at all.
Fabulous Cell Text App. There are many options and choices which I love. Thought it was all pretty self explanatory as I went through the settings. The only thing that stumped me was the new message counter (or badge) not being a choice in settings for the home screen icon. Went to FAQ and found my solution....put the Chomp Widget on home screen. It will show the new message count. Love Chomp, works great!
GREAT app!  But lacking 2 very basic and VERY much needed functions. 1) message count limits per conversation. This has been in the top 3 wish list items on the developer feedback page for at least 3 years. 2) The widget icon can no longer be added to the app drawer on the bottom of the screen so it remains visible across all home screen pages. Used to work, then didn't since Marshmallow. Ugh!
Using since long time. Premium version is worth buying. But now more features are needed. Competition is high. Other apps are also offering some cool features. Please add these features so no one can beat chomp. 1. SMS grouping (Personal, business etc.)  2. Animated Emoji 3. More customization : new bubbles, colorful send area etc. 4. Hyperlink preview
Love all the different things you can do with this app, I like how u can chng notification sounds for different people. The changes they have made are great. I had an issue with my team not saving and they fixed It. They really listen to your needs. Thnks Chomps!  Do you have apps for themes and contact theme for LG Style Plus?
This is the best text message app I've ever used, EVER. Hands down. The customization options are insane enough to please a graphic designer, but still be helpful for newbies! Even other apps that have similar options don't perform as well. I know, I've tried almost all of them. I LOVE the custom theme feature with so many options! The developers are super nice, helpful, and give you what you ask for! I'll never use another text app. I've been using Chomp since my first smart phone, and it just keeps getting better without getting rid of the options I loved the most. I don't get worried when I see an update. These people care about your experience using Chomp, not treating you like a dollar sign, so they get major respect from me! #ChompForLife
Handy app, but can't send or receive MMS with android 7 data saver on (support unable to help). The app works well, but is noticeably  slower to do everything than other apps. Also seems a little pricey just to remove ads. I suppose the ads aren't too intrusive...
Easy to use and very clean appearance. Didnt care much to have to pay for no ads but seems to be worth it. Would like to be able to color code message notification icons with various contacts though.  👍after upgrading to Marshmallow on my Note4, not all my texts work. Not sure if it's related or not. 🙁 update. Uninstalled as it seems to be causing my device to overheat.*update * works smoothly on my S8+
This is one of the best, if not THE best developer supported app I have ever come across. If you have a problem, just state it here and Jason will reply with how to get help. He is quick with help and works to keep you happy. Hoping to see scheduled MMS soon! And the group messaging setting to actually work (have it set to NOT be in group messaging, but still does) because group messaging sucks! Jason, how do you use the gif if you don't have a compatible keyboard?
I have been using Chomp for years, I have tried other sms apps, see if anything is better, my humble opinion is there is not. It is customizable, but simple pretty simple to use, if that makes sense. This is the only one to stay up with the android OS changes , no crashing when new one comes out. I don't feel it is a memory hog or data hog like some other sms apps are. I am using s S8, works great.
I have used this app across many phones for a few years never had any major issues highly configurable good theme system (imo).. only problem that ive had is that ive never been able to send pictures via text message however its not really a problem as I use whatsap for media. And I've NEVER seen an add.
There's only 2 things I'd like to see change, and I mentioned them years ago. First, is the ability to customize the notification icon for individual contacts. I don't like having to use the same icon for all contacts. And second, it would be nice to have a secure private message box like go-sms has always had. If these 2 things change, I'll gladly change my rating from a 4 to a 5.
I absolutely love this and app, but since I've had the Galaxy S8 my MMS is not working properly anymore. For days at a time I can't receive any MMS messages, then one day I'm flooded with them. People are telling me they aren't receiving my messages all of a sudden. It's so frustrating. Is there a problem with Chomps and the new Galaxy?
I've tried 100's of different messaging app, & nothing comes close to Chomp. RU sick of using default coloured messaging app. I use the colours of My People, the 'Indigenous Flag'(Black,Yellow &Red) to represent my culture. +many more worthy settings.&@ a very reasonable price...                     [-0-]                 2BLACK                  2PROUD                2DEADLY                   [-0-]                                      R.A.B.                    4eva
Group SMS works here! This was my main reason for getting the app, and it is worth holding onto for that reason alone. Also the color scheme is entirely customizable, which I enjoy. The menu for doing such customization could be streamlined, however.  Gripe: when in a message window, if you try to scroll up when a new message arrives, the window auto scrolls back to the bottom. This is frustrating, to say the least, haha.  All in all: great app, and I'm glad to have it!
FANTASTIC!!!  I love this app!! Thank you so much for making this happen!! I can't tell you how happy I am to finally have something to look forward to each day. I had another app that came with my phone. There were no colors, it was giving me problems every time I would try to send a message, with no response. Well when I found this app, I found a true blessing!! All of what I had been working hard to get was right in this app. The colors are so unique and vibrate. All of my messages are getting where they are suppose to get to. This app is fast and the best thing I like about it is, it actually does things for you before you do. I don't know how it even knows how to do that,but it does. It's remarkable and genius!! When I go to write, my spelling is really not all that good at times, so I depend on the box above my typing to get me through my words because without it, I would be lost. This app to me is a life saver. It gets hats off I tell ya. It's a really good app and so anyone that is looking for a classy and a class A ★★★★★ app should get this one, as far as I'm concerned it's the best app I've ever seen or used. Thanks again for making my life much easier and fun!   (+_+)
still no change to the horrible handling of group MMS, i cannot mute group, i cannot leave groups, i delete the thread only for it to pop back up when there is a new reply, and this forces me to uninstall because i am annoyed with a chat i do not want to be a part of. UPDATE: Long hold that conversation - Blacklist DOES NOT WORK
This is an awesome, 5 star app. Unfortunately, I'm having trouble with sending & receiving images via text. They will show up in the chat, but when I press to view the images in detail, all I get is a blank screen. Hoping the devs see this and can help me, I couldn't find anything in their support site, or a support email. I love the app otherwise
This is an extremely good text app. I have used Chomp now for about 8 to 10 years. I'm not sure exactly when I started using it, but this is the sixth phone I have downloaded it to. I have found that it works exactly as they stated. When I get a new phone the first thing I do is disabled the native text app and download chomp. Try it, you'll see what I mean.
My galaxy 8s active that I purchased from T mobel would only send group chat when sending group text no way to shut it off. But with this chomp sms app now I can send group text with out that annoying chat thank you
Seems to work smoothly, delay delivery is very handy to allow people to get to work or wakeup but I already have text written and off my mind. Resend option is quick and easy. Also like two second delay before sending so I might notice auto-correct changes I didn't want.
Good in customization of lay out. I enjoyed using the app. Though i have one concern but not a big one, when you send to multiple contacts in one SMS, e.g, to 8 contacts, the text bubble also appears 8 times in the thread. If you send to 5 contacts, the text bubble appears 5times too.   But overall, a great SMS app.
An excellent and beautifully designed messaging app with great customization options. The only design problem is that the "compose message" button has an incorrect shadow, i.e. not as suggested in the material design style guide or most other apps. Please fix it, it looks wrong in an otherwise flawless app.
Want to use this app as my main messaging app, but I use a lot of MMS messages and it's annoying that stage fright slideshow shows up everytime someone replies in MMS even when there isn't a pic involved. Also would like to see the pop up quick reply in MMS.
The app is a great replacement for stock SMS APP and has great dual Sim features. It remembers which Sim you used to reply to a contact number.   I am using this app for my LG G4 which has a terrible dual Sim feature for SMS.  Suggestions for future update is to add "reply via same Sim" as a default choice.
I've been using this app for quite awhile now. I had a sudden problem (probably caused by me) and I contacted Chomp support. Within two hours they helped me resolve the issue with back and forth emails. Excellent support!
Default SMS on LG X Charge left lot to be desired.  Went to Textra… better, then went to Chomp SMS… better yet!  Love features, especially customization.  Only other feature I would like would be "share to printer" for dumping SMS message to my Epson wirelessly.
Good Sms app, great if you want to have a custom theme to your phone. Only gripe is the trace texting seems a little off and doesn't predict your words that great, minor annoyance since I grabbed this for the customization.  Edit: my apologizes to the developer, Im using a third party keyboard and had forgotten since I customized is around the theme I'm using with chomps. Disregard my review on that. Chomps is great
Been using Chomp for 5 years now!  Best messaging app available!  The only thing I wish they could change is to have a picture preview available for the new themes in the app store 👍
The best text app I found so I stuck with it....  I've been using  Chomp's 4ever & have had no real issues.... When I did have a minor issue it was a quick fix & not the developers issue (they still gave me direction to get to the problem = good customer support)...  I also went pro years ago so no annoying ads for me... The customization options are off the charts with awesomeness & really easy to set up.... And I love all the different icons & there's an icon for every convo or situation.... The absolute best!!!
Would love to see it integrated with the S6 edge+ notification edge. So that missed text show up on the edge screen.   I've downgraded my review only because the above suggestion was made 2 years ago and the response given made it seem like it was in the works. Although this app is great, it is still behind in functionality compared to other SMS apps. If I hadn't purchased the ad free version I would have removed the app.
I text regularly to friends with older style phones and this is the best app for assuring that they are able to see my messages.  Of the other text messaging apps that are easy to use this is the only one that shows the character count so you can see when a message is about to be broken up into multiple messages in for older phones.  Since I have started limiting my messages to the maximum number of characters older phones can handle I've had no problems getting my message through. If I depend on the carrier to automatically break up my long message for older phones it gets mucked up half the time. Thanks to the developer for keeping the character count feature in there. I find it really annoying that other text apps have removed that feature in the name of "simplicity".
Why should anyone have to pay to have a add free app? If it's about the "people" an making users happy, this isn't it. Regardless of the price to upgrade it still comes back to money an not the user's. Very disappointed, even more so with the generic response!
You guys are getting closer with the MMS issue. At least I don't have to try to pause a slideshow to view a picture as long as I want in the app. Now if there could be a setting where I can see each separate picture instead of a slideshow icon like I can in my stock app that would be great.
I really liked this app, had given 4 stars. But I'm starting to get really annoyed with the app opening spam in my browser when I use it. I have to swiftly delete the page before it loads hoping nothing infects my phone and I don't look like a perv!!! WTH????
Always loved Chomp, but I am noticing now that messages I get from iPhone users have symbols where emojis should be. Makes reading a text difficult. This problem is not in Textra so sadly will be switching back until its fixed
Attempted to contact developer directly.  No response.  Needs the following updates to be good:  * do not vibrate on whatever update constantly.  Have an option to turn off vibrate notification. * doesn't update to the stocks I type in and click ok * should be a drop down menu for currency, not hand typed.   * go from portrait orientation to landscape orientation, back to portrait the fonts get all jacked up. *  took 3-4 days for the app to pop up on my watch to install.
Like the design layout on the watch, but phone app lacks in field labels and some indication that confirms communication.  A simple FAQ would be good about proper field entry, etc.  Bummer..this app does not work on the latest smartwatch Fossil Q Explorist GEN3 which runs AW natively.  Have gone through reviews, tried suggested methods to resolve, but still no updates to initial entries.  Also, when searching for this Wear in Store, it doesn't show (perhaps needs to be marked as compatible)  Would really like to see this work.
Gave a 5 star but had a question, is it possible to select different symbols? *update* they answered my question. I'm an IT guy at a financial firm, and this watch app is very well designed and functional. Great job guys!
Layout is good but I can't seem to switch the ticker symbols to different companies. And yes I am using Google finance format  Update. All good now. It takes the app a little while to update tickers once changed.
Dont waste your time with this app, Whatever I do restart both phone and watch or reinstall on both multiple times it does not work. It shows default quotes that app provided and not showing my own even after updating in google finance quote format.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Supports foreign exchanges etc. My ONLY suggestion would be to enable more than 4 stocks via pages. But still a great app!
A little issue on setting up but ended up all work fine and is fabulous to my needs and a must to mention the fabulous support that is so friendly!
Had installation issues, but had support to fix in minutes - works great now
This is not up to the minute.  Dont know the lag but not real time!
It is a great  concept apps on the market today for the Stocks finance, I did install an apps on my Google phone, but the symbol no mater how do I edited the symbol which I prefer on the phone, but  the symbol on my Watch still remain on the old stock as default, How can solve that problem. Thx
Cool...I'm waiting on that 8 list. That would benefit me well.
Installed app.  Watch face doesn't show up in Android wear
Nice watch faces but the interactive feature of opening the weather app didn't work. Clicking on the weather icon doesn't do anything (clicking on the date works and opens the agenda app)
Very good app. Nice collection of rich watch faces. One of the best watch face apps out there. Watch faces are of very high quality. The only issue is i had unlocked the premium version, but after changing my phone this app has gone back to free version and it is again asking for unlock code. Plz rectify this issue.
I installed app to watch and it made all faces including my pre-installed ones flutter when trying to select new faces. The app also kept shutting down. I uninstalled it and watch functions normally again. And yes, I have a supported watch type for app.
Works beautifully, with the features I need most. Tried other apps with more features but they are too complicated to use. It's good value for the price..
This is by far my favorite watch face app. I've tried many but i always come back to these.
Should be free it's old now and it's no longer interesting I doubt I'll dl even the free one. Was prob great when new but this looks like moto1era
Same issue as Nicole. Can't change faces, only have access to one face. What am I missing?
Used to be awesome, then I broke my phone and bought an S8+ and had to reinstall watch apps. Now it wants me to buy a new code. Well that sucks
This app does not respond. I bought it twice and still no response.
Wow is the only word i can think of when i see these watch faces. They look very elegant and classy.
Paid for premium now the app on phone doesn't respond. Can't select watch faces and can't send feedback to you! Refund or fix please!
It didn't send the watch faces to my watch. Waste of time. Most of the watch faces you have to pay for.
Two thumbs up! Spoilt for choice on the faces, lol
I like most of the watch faces. At the risk of stating the obvious, updated watch faces are an important aspect of a watch face app and this app seems to update from time to time with new faces.
Not enough free choice
Sharp looking watch faces and they look really good on my Asus zen watch 2
Author did a great job with his attitude to the community of users.  Great work!
They are nice watch faces, but would be nice if the Roman numerals were correct
Can't change Anything on it, not even the watch face..
Excellent stuff, if you can add calories, steps, that will be icing on the cake
The free stuff is so good. Worth going for Premium
The best smartwatch watch face ap so far.
I love the app it has great watch faces. I am using other watch face apps from the developer. Got prompt email from Him. Must have for smart watch.
great faces. works well with my square profile screen.
A very amazing, elegant watch face collection
It's ok
Nice app and simple to use. There is a bug sometimes when you open the app and when you submit for a big fix, it can send the fix
Fantastic love the watch faces & chronograph
My favorite watchface app
Excellent application with a lot of choices
Great watch face ever
Doesnt work on fitbit
Amazing, Very Very good looking, so I am happy with these watchface on my smartwatch.
Nice watch faces
What a great app with a lot of faces
Wonderful!
A plethora of watch faces
Very nice
Nice style
Great app
Really nothing amazing here. The watchface looks good but in the description it is implied there is a bunch of customization but really all you can do is change the background. There is no date option. I also find it hard to believe that this watchface is "optimized" to magically give you better battery life. Also seems there hasn't been an update in over a month which makes me a little nervous these basic features will not come.
Tricky to setup , for some reason it wasn't working, now it is
I was looking  forward to it but it won't woke on my fossil av tryed unstalling  and installing plus resync still not working please help
Crisp and clear...only wish I could be able to have date displayed and maybe change fonts
Its not coming up on my moto 360
it dosent install on my LG Watch Style
Can't change from 24H to 12H clock. Wish it would disclose that somewhere In description.  Also no option to add date. Only Options are to change picture.  Would not have purchased if I had known either of those two key missing options.
The images are ridiculously HD with so many images to choose from. As a space lover, this has to be the best watch face out there. I was so skeptical about how long they said the battery could last, but it actually works!! Download this app! Really good for value!
Won't let me download to watch period. Refund??
More pop-ups then I have ever seen in 1 app.  Almost like a virus.
AFTER ALL THIS TIME I FINALLY FOUND AN APP THAT HAS THE BEST APPLE WALL PAPERS THANK YOU YOUR THE BEST. BTW THEY ARE HD FOR ME :)
Whilst I love the designs, they are very blurry which makes them almost unuseable :( make these faces sharper and its 5 stars!
Won't show up in Android Wear after installation.
Awesome!!! Thank you guys!
Loved it
Seems like a good idea, but after I bought it, it disappeared. It's not in my Android Wear or my phone desktop but it IS in my app list. I tried rebooting the phone (LG G5 connected to an LG Urbane watch) but still no luck. Help!  Update - figured it out. You to click on 'Installed' to get it going.
Lovely, aesthetic watch face. It's a tiny planisphere, although to be really useful you'd need a watch the size of a dinner plate. Instead of seconds I would like to see the rim have daylight / twilight / dark displayed, and the sun and moon's positions marked using either true solar time or local mean time. That would make it a practical astronomy tool to boot.
Absolutely perfect. This has quickly become my favorite watch face, it never fails to get a good reaction from people. Attractive, functional, and simple while giving you really interesting information about the sky above you. I love this watch face, and the only improvement I would suggest is to add the ISS.
I love this watchface. I also own ISSDetector. RunaR makes great software
I love it, however recently re-paired and can't get to pop up anymore :( Would like a fix :)
Please add a link to home screen and 12 hr clock
I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews stating  the app isn't working on phone X,  watch Y. Well,  it's working fine on my Xperia Z3 and Smartwatch3. And it's great. Given that few watch faces actually do anything apart from changing aesthetics, this one is pretty useful. You basically get a real time map of the sky on your wrist. You can get an idea of how long you have until sunset, whether the bright dot in the sky is a star or a planet, that sort of thing. I am running out of space,  so I'll leave it at that.
Great display for space nerds! Really striking visual, my go-to face now for sheer wow-factor. The ambient mode looks great with just the stars & time. Would love to see a few enhancements: star density slider (default is a bit busy), digital display size adjustment.
Attractive face plus a decent night mode. My greatest issue with it, and the reason I cannot give it 5*, is that the sidereal time is GMST, not LST, which makes this feature functionally useless (unless you happen you live on the Greenwich meridian). It would also benefit from an optional battery meter.
Didn't show up anywhere on phone in Android wear. Life is too short so refunded.
As an astronomy enthusiast I really appreciate this wearable app.  A well deserved 4 stars that would be 5 if it came with a battery level display on the second screen.
I would give it 5 stars if the stars remain on during ambient mode not just the time. Also more options for the time display like font, size, color, and brightness.
Bought and unable to see the app on my nexus 6P or load it on my Huawei watch. Refund or fix.
Utter shite none of these apps work properly. How do I get a refund
Looked and did not see the promised stars. Refund....
Worked perfectly for me.
It is absolutely gorgeous Huawei watch
Just love it. Thank you​ !
works perfect
Cool
Loved the idea but nothing comes up when it says downloaded, uninstalled and restarted both devices to no avail.
After 2 weeks, StarWatch face show up on my Moto Sport finally. Amazing! ThankYou!
It was an awesome watchface when I used my old phone, but ever since I switched over to my new Moto g4 it won't show up on the watch or in the Android wear app and I've even tried all of the tips given by the dev would be 5 stars otherwise
After I updated my Google Play Services, I managed to use the app perfectly. Thanks to Derk.
Uninstalled and installed many times. Doesn't show up on watch, nor in Android wear app.
Does not show up anywhere on phone or watch (Samsung Galaxy S7/Samsung Gear 2).
Awesome watch for a stargazer. I couldn't be happier.
I can't find it after installation in my moto 360 2gen
Poor resolution and no detail
Perfect
Wish there was a way to have stars but less stars. I feel they clutter up the screen and take away from the planets. Some stars are bigger than others and look like planets. When you have everything on, the screen is super cluttered (Zenwatch2). Also, a little confused on what all I'm looking at as far as the way the planets rotate.. Think there could be some improvements. But its a pretty good face. Sucks there isn't a good square face verision
Looks awesome, there only are a few things that could be improved on imo. In digital mode, I kinda wish there was an option to have the seconds show as numbers instead of this obnoxious circle-thingy - in analog mode, a real seconds hand would be nice.  Little dots/circles around the edges (only in analog, to indicate where the hour numbers on a normal watch would be - and maybe some minute marks in between too. Then I could tell the time more precisely.) would look way better imo, especially if we had the option to choose between different styles of watch hands.  In addition, it would really be nice to be able to somehow hide the time/date so all you see is the star chart... then it would actually be usable too!  Oh, and one last thing: Having the ability to change the font to something more stylish/elegant/less casual would be great.
I like it so far and I will almost certainly update this review later.  I love the screen (I used to be a physicist and always secretly wanted to be an astronomer - but was always in the right place at the right time - for SOMETHING ELSE of course - and so I never got to do what I really wanted), and it looks wonderful on my Moto 360.  The single problem which I've encountered so far was in buying it and then getting to use it.  That's why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5.  I often buy things for my phone from my desktop machine and have never had this problem before, but when I bought this app from my desktop, it showed that it was installed.  But "installed where???" was the question.  It didn't show up on my phone (even after a full reboot and after sync'ing), and even going into settings and looking there the app manager list didn't locate it.    So I got a refund and then bought it from my phone directly - and Bingo, it worked.  Otherwise so far I really like it, and unless it turns out to be a battery hog (on a moto 360 that can be an issue), I'll most likely use it as my primary face.
Most watch faces look like watches, smart watches are something mew and exciting, with all of the data and options on the internet I am surprised more watch faces haven't done more with it. This face is wonderful, and totally unique that sets smart watches apart from regular watches. For that I am grateful, with quick support time, and truly a watch face worth paying for.
It shows the sky, looks cool in ambient mode, allows tweaking of settings. Sometimes I'll switch to other faces, but always seem to come back to this one. Totally worth it.
I like it, but compared to other faces, a little limited and for someone not familiar with star charts, not sure if it does more then just a star wallpaper. Got used to other faces that display more info, like weather and steps. Looks really busy if you turn everything on in settings so its okay.  Other people notice it and like so..
At first i was skeptical but at the end im glad i purchased this watch face. It is stupendous, sucker for space and this will be my daily.
Not able to see the watch face in settings in Moto 360. Also is there an option to mark/ label bodies on watch face
I wish there was an option to shut off the planets and I noticed that when the watch comes on it tends to resize repeatedly. Also,  when changing the star color, it generally never changes to the color wanted, always resumes being white.
Im not educated enough to know for sure, but why not. Maybe a star reading tutorial would help. Looks cool.
Works as described!
It's fun it gives everything a cool Star Wars overhaul I have had a lot of fun messing with the selfies feature and now I have a use for my General Mills QR codes. My favorite aspect is the weather. I live in a cold place so it says I am on Hoth. And it would be a good day to stay inside. Haha I agree!
I was able to use this once to add some stickers to a pic, which I think looked great! But now it keeps crashing, ironically every time it asks me to rate the app. So fine, I will rate it: pretty looking app, very unstable! Useless after first use, because of popups that crash the app.
It's got a lot of Star Wars trivia built into it, so that makes it worth right there! I love the weather app and how it will compare the weather/temperature to a planet in the Star Wars universe. The only thing that has disappointed me, is that to unlock certain features, you have to scan the movie posters, which I don't have access to.
It's simple, easy to use, and provides a great database on all Star Wars related media. Plus, the activities and mini-games are fun to play.
A lot of the functions do not work. The Force trainer was fun, but it doesn't work anymore. And the Stickers cause a fatal error every time.
I love this app alot cause it tells u the weather but In different planets in starwars! And also u can have fun playing with starwars voices.
It's Star Wars what else do I gotta say download it
This app provides a close encounter with the Star Wars experience.  I love  it
Keeps jamming and closing. Camera doesn't seems to want to proper selfie's
I love this app it's so cool,  it really fills my star Wars nerd needs XD
As a major star wars can it's my Eden app
Crashes whenever I try to leave the home screen.
Hi. It seems that I can't sign up, it says that I'm not eligible to register from the site. I'm from Indonesia, please fix, I want to sign up.
Very good love watching the star wars show but stickers isn't working can you fix that and add a new game or something please
I think this is a great app that will do its job and keep you updated on all the newest star wars news.
I mean it's star wars so... I love it
It's star wars what else can I say
I love this app because I am a huge Star Wars fan and this keeps me up to date with all of the lastest Star Wars Movies,Quizzes,and ect.......
App won't open anymore. Does not work.
Just an ad that doesn't work right.
I'm a star wars fan. I say this is cool.
It's wonderful for any Star Wars fans and has fun features and Easter eggs.
It's ok. I wish you could use the soundboard section for rigntones or notification sounds
Big star wars fan so I got this phone just for it's exclusive to the phone and love it
Stops frequently and doesn't work
Full of great star wars knowledge and interactivity.
The perfect Star Wars tool for every Jedi, Sith, and even White Jedi!
As a huge fan of star wars i love this app
Very entertaining. I love Star Wars!
I really like this app probably my favourite star wars app
Really cool how they have every day relevant to star wars
I love it because it tells you the movie and how many days till it comes out absolutely love it!
Star Wars is rad.
Very fun app for star wars fans
Wish I could use the sound as a ring tone
Must have app for a starwars fan
Very nice star wars app
Great star wars fan app
Love it when I need to know the weather I look here first and LOVE the quotes
Keeps shutting off
Not aligned right, looks cheesy. This is the third face from this person. Same issue on everyone. Fail.
One of my favorite watch faces. The update allows for complications which make it even better.
It's good and simple but I don't like the background. Please add option for black / no background.
The simple, elegant design is fantastic. The tiny shadow on the minute hand makes it distinguishable from the hour hand, making it easier to read while in ambient display. The design also incorporates some material design cues that makes the notifcations and actions feel right at home.
Simple design, great look and the customizable colors for the second had are great! Everything I need in a watch face.
Smooth, easy to use and customizable enough to change daily to match my outfit without being ostentatious and keeping the black background. Thanks! Looks amazing on my Huawei watch!
Great face, only wish we'd get an update for wear 2.0!
The update yesterday (19th October) added the option to display the date but it's been stuck on the 19th since. Needs to be fixed.
I have a Nexus 5 with OS 6.0 and Android Wear with OS 1.3.0.2160025.
Would love to see a smooth second hand option and a square version, but it looks nice!
It downloaded. But it never showed up on my watch.
After adjusting ambient mode it's great watchface, looks gorgeous on G Watch R, where ticks are on the bezel. Good job!
Boring watch, nothing redeeming about this one.
Simple and clean but it seems that cards are disabled and no notifications (or perhaps something else I have done)
Simple, clean, and elegant. One of ten watch faces I keep on my wear.
I like the clean design, but would like the option to show date/day of week
Just as it says, simple plain and elegant. Perfect for when that's what you fancy.
Nice and sleek. But would love to have the background completely black.
Pretty neat n simple but would love if date added
Sleek and elegant for a minimalist's view.
Could use more colours.
Such a good download!
Pretty good!
Simple and clean
Very simple and pretty
Wonderful and simple
Staggeringly beautiful
Superb
Superb
I wish I could change the color of the second hand to whatever I want. Other than that nice and clean, exactly what I want in a watchface.   Thanks!
Great and simple. Minimal is elegant
Beautiful
After downloading this face, I cannot locate it on my phone.
Thanks
The watches are too expensive for me to get one I wish I could have this as a widget but unfortunately not it's absolutely beautiful and I really wanted it
For a watch face these many app permissions doesn't justify. Beware!!
Why do a watchface need all these permissions?? I certainly do not like that!
My vert nice
Got it working but it is squashed on my moto 360
Cool watches
Meh, I just like knowing the exact time.  Not for me.
Hard to read really tiny fonts that can't be changed
I really like the design, but I wish there was a way of locking the watch face. Every single day I accidently change the colours to something terrible without realising.
Nice face with lots of flexibility. Saving presets is very useful, but there is a bug saving custom application shortcuts. Your selection is not included in the preset save.
My favorite face so far. I wish they had watch battery life as a widget too but other then that I love this face.
Paid for the premium version only to find it does not work. I would recommend to anyone not to download this app.
Crashes ALL OF THE TIME!!!
Can't get it to go to my phone
It is a pretty good watchface for android wear
Like it so far! Definitely my aesthetic!!
Good watch face.
Best watch face I've found. Solid app. I emailed the app creator with a question and he answered fast with the answer I needed.
Great customization features, clean looking screen, not crowded
Well, this is a crock. I originally downloaded this watch face to another phone, but all the "premium" (read useful) features were locked behind a paywall. I liked it enough to pay.....but now I've had to move to another phone and it seems I have to pay again to re-unlock the premium features. Not worth it. Kick rocks.
No fckn good !!
A do
Great watch face! Has become the main one I use on my zenwatch 3.   Awesome SciFi aesthetic while being very functional and at a glance friendly.   Absolutely worth the couple bucks to unlock the full features.
Pretty cool. Can you make the time show like Monday, W56, 2017-12-28 02:45 or allow us to enter in the date format our selves? Also some optional weather data like sundown time etc would be amazing.
Like this. Good customisable features. However could it be possible to add custom apps to the widgets? I have a Huawei Watch and I'd like pressing step counter or heart rate to launch Huawei Health and not Google Fit
Excellent watchface with full-color ambient mode, manual weather location, and hourly vibration, too bad it spams you with unsolicited notifications.
Wow. Very nice watch face. Well worth going premium.
Latest version brings notification spam. DO NOT INSTALL.
I would like to know the battery of my phone
Just got the App,  so far so good
Excellent on my Q Marshal Fossil
Great app loved the versatility
It's a cool SUPER
this is great I love it
Awesome watch face
Awesome foreal
Couldn't get Google fit steps to work.  Was reading Motobody on my Moto 360 I guess.  Premium version.  Says Fit needs to be installed when it already is.
On the misfit vapor. Got the premium version for 2 dollar. It has all the functionality and what I want to see on the watch face. Worth buying premium for.
Junk.  Can't change configuration from phone.  Won't sync.  And paid for premium.  Buyer beware!!
best one, use as my default watch face

The best watchface for the Ticwatch 2 so far!
Wonderful
What a wonderfully customizable watch face that crams in a lot of data options. I love that the outer ring of block icons has 4 zones that can be set to different shortcuts. I chose Calendar, Stopwatch & Timer. In the center are zones for info like phone battery, steps, & weather. This looks brilliant on my ZenWatch 3.
I do not understand why does this app need permission to my photos ?? Like I do not see any need for looking for photos on my Android Wear screen . Which forces me to uninstall this app
One of my favorite faces. I wish you could customize what the rings mean - like fitness goals % instead of battery
It's awesome, the blue and white combination pops on here, especially when my watch lights up out of nowhere at night..
Agradable diseño, fácil de usar, colores personalizados, es de lo mejor
I wish you could change the fitness app from Google Fit to anything else! I personally own a Ticwatch, and the native Ticwatch fitness app works much better than the Google one. So having my face show accurate information would have been nice
Superb. This watchface has just the flexibility you need to tailor it exactly to your needs.
Awesome
I like the functionality of the watch face and how it works from the phone, and everything does work. Only missing a star as it could be more aesthetically pleasing, i.e. some colour.
Nice watch face, very customizable, and of course, very fast response from developer.
Bottom indicators (Fit data) is not showing if I switch watch face. Fix it quickly.
super glitchy awful
Dope app! 👌🏾
Amazing!
Tons of information available from the watchface, although sometimes hard to remember where everything is which is not a fault of the watchface. I use white on a black background to hopefully save battery life, but would like the option to change the white to something else like red, yellow, or orange.
Great watch face for my Asus zenwatch 3 now using it on my new Ticwatch e. Has everything you would need in the premium version. Like the fact you can enlarge the interactive points and make the watch hands go away and just use digital and enlarge the text. Also it lets me know when my phone disconnects and the launcher is incredible. This watch face does more than any other watch face I have used in the past. Imagine see accurate weather, time, date, steps, battery level and control your bluetooth wireless headphones, then have access to all your phone apps!  I was a premium everyday watch face user from the same designer now I'm a Classic premium user!  UPDATE: Found that my steps were off using Google fit with this Ticwatch, no problem,  disabled Google fit on the watch and using custom complications I was able to use the Ticwatch health app on the watch and show my step data right on this watch face using Android wear 2.0
Love this app! I can find everything in one place and can choose what I want and don't want on my watchface! Something that I have not found on any other app!
Best clock face
I've tried a number of different watch faces but found them all lacking in meeting my needs on my Asus ZenWatch 3. This one is perfect. I had a couple of questions initially but received a very quick and detailed response from the developer which showed me exactly what I needed to know. If you have a problem with some aspect of the watch face, I suggest that you email the developer rather than just leaving a negative review.Five stars from me!
I can't believe I paid to unlock premium just to be able to modify the "complications"... Not really using Wear complications, it's just a bunch of stuff they have chosen to display through their watchface... I had 2 minutes of use and uninstalled, with NO OPTION FOR A REFUND... There needs to be a better way to vet the functionality of these apps...
You'd think buying the premium version would unlock everything... And you'd be wrong. It unlocks like a third of the stuff with no way to unlock the rest
Really love it. Very customisable unlike other apps. Unlike other  comments I read, I don't regret one bit paying to unlock premium features. Would like to see: Settings in different tabs as I sometimes struggle to find a setting in that long list. Would like to have a confirmation message before deleting a profile. Would love the option to add custom image background where family picture could be added
Great watch face, but the spammy notifications and cross promotion are enough to get me to uninstall. Weather data also seems to have an issue on the server.
The weather app needs updating, location wrong on both choices please update soon or I won't be happy 😊 problem with weather and keeps crashing after 2 updates still not working right
Very good app, very customisable on premium. I use this most days, have a saved version to match certain outfits. I recommend the premium, well worth it for the other options.  It is stable and well done.
After buying premium, my Moto 360 shut off and now is not turning back on. So I payed to brick my watch!
Won't connect since android 8 update. Any suggestions?
Weather button not working yet please fix
Managed to consist of a simplistic design without lacking features
Great watch face... Simply loved it
Dont download.....😈
Amazing for me!
Nice app..
Overall a good app. Plenty of features and color options make it so that you can keep it as simple or as complex as you'd like.   One annoying thing:  The "new watch faces" should be updates, not an entirely new download. It's annoying to amount of notifications you get for new watch faces. It should all be within the one app after purchase at least.
Latest update has made my watch unusable. Battery goes from 100% to less than 15 in just a few hours. Affects all the other watch faces. Massive delay to button press.
Something wrong. Could not put shortcut to apps in the Quick Shortcut sections after update
Under wear 1, was really useful and useable. Now... Nagging alerts.... Delete
The save presets function does not work on the premium version. Please fix it, thanks.
Bought premium and you STILL send ads and annoying notifications? Time to request a refund. Word to the dev, if you make an annoying app you will continue to have refund requests. Beautiful app, stupid execution.  Edit. Way at the absolute bottom of the menu there is an option to "disable app from cross promotion." I am assuming this will stop me from receiving the "cool new watch faces" notification, we will see.  Edit: changing my review because the dev can push updates, but can not notify users as how to disable annoying notifications. 1 star, bud.
Bought this watch face a year ago... And suddenly, without authorization they are sending ads with notification sound literally everyday trying to sell me a new watch face. Way to piss off your actual customers and lose any future purchase. Bye.
Love the app. Bought premium, but it keeps telling me to buy premium! Hate that.
Decent watch face, but not worth all the notification spam.
Great watchface, but the developer started sending spammy push notifications.
Perfect for me. Best feature amongst a host of great features for me is the ability to auto adjust ambient brightness for nighttime. Does everything and more that I need from a watch face
Good watch face but 3 star rating is due to few bugs and I would prefer additional time zone time as digital time.Because analog time is already on the watch face. Currently, it just shows same analog time in digital format as well
Looks cool, so purchased. The colour doesn't change when you tell it it, so am stuck with a creme background! I would like a refund!!
looks nice on moto 360
I Loved this Watch face on my Zen 01, I upgraded to the Zen 02 now it is not compatible. So I give you 1 star. I want to buy the Watch Face W04  but I don't know it is compatible with Zen 02 watch. I like the looks of the square Watch Face.
After moto 360 upgrade to A.Were to 2.0 now it says not compatible. Can you check
This app didn't work with my Michael Kors watch. I resynced it and nothing, not showing up in my watch faces on the android wear.
I wish you had other option other than the black and white fun screen.
No funciona con fondo negro, ya que se pierde el contorno.
Nice one, would have been great if the analog clock can be set to a different time zone
Great watch face just wish you could pick the watch face screen color instead of it changing when you tap the face
I really like this watch face. What I was looking for. Well worth the price
Refund plz
Pretty nice face !
Good looking, recommended
I do like the face a lot. I am not a fan of the tap to change color thing though. And the second hand rolling thing is neat but seems unnecessary since there is also a second hand. The map would probably be cooler of I traveled, but it's a nice touch. I think the screen looks a little unimpressive when in sleep /always on mode. I would turn it off on this face.
As noted this app is not able to sync with my Gear s2 Classic. Would like a refund.
Since my upgrade to nougat on my  oneplus 3 I am no longer able to get phone battery percentage on the watch... Slightly disappointing
Keeps displaying inaccurate phone battery info. Already contacted developer and followed instructions which work for a while but reverts to wrong battery percentage being displayed.
Looks great!  I like having digital & analog on the face plus the batteries. Sometimes my my picks up the analog time quicker but I grew up with that. But my grandson knows digital so it's great to have both on the same face. Works good at teaching both times!!!!  Thanks!!
I like this watch face however, I think there should be more interactivity then just pressing the screen to change the colour. For example press on the analogue clock and bring up a stop watch. I would also like to be able to change each section of the watch face to different colours. Overall is a good watch face with the time easy to see but needs some work.
Good-looking watch face. I only wish one or two more features could be added, such as, increasing the time the watch face stays on and maybe adding an ambient mode.
I love the map on here and the fact that I can change the colors to whatever I want is really tops in my book! A really HD watch face that incorporates perfectly into my moto 360-2. Its so crisp and easy to read. It has a nice amount of info without being too overwhelming. Easy to find everything. I only wish it would allow the step counter and some other health sensory info.
Beautiful watch face marred by a phone battery level reading incorrectly  :(
Easy to use watch app & very customizable as far as colors. Looks nice even when in power saving mode. Doesn't make my watch look "cheap".
Plus it keep getting back to the Orange theme  if I changed colors. Fix please
I like the watch face, but unfortunately it does not accurately track the battery life on Galaxy S7.
You can customize any color that you like!! Switch different colors with one tap.
Doesn't work at all with my fossil q
Great watch face is there any chance you could add an option to get rid of the zero when clock set to 12hr thanks
Rich colors, top to change colirs is a lovable feature, its design is very nice. Highly recommended
Works well, looks good, and i ended up buying another of thier faces as well. Nice work !
Won't sync with lg urbane
Too simple,  sometimes naive
Love it, but I can find no way to change the ambient face.
Works well looks cool
Excellent.
To me the best.
Good selection of watch faces
Nice but limited sittings
Greatly appreciated
takt
nice
Installed without issue and looks great and fixes watch as pictured.  I seen on some reviews that it eats up battery life and will monitor.  I wear the watch about 10 hours per day and when Iget home it's between 65 - 70% battery life left.  I'll update this review if that battery life changes.  If this post isn't updated that mean it's working great and not using anymore battery life then any other watch face that I have.  Boy it looks GREAT!!
Nice
Simple and nice,   Please add more animation for line
I set the app to have GPS access and everything, it barely ever syncs weather though. Since 12 hours ago it reports it's 66 and rainy in Chicago, even though now it's 91 and sunny
Smooth and clean
Good
I love it. The only thing I would like is to change a map event, or maybe I don't know how. But it totally deserves 5 ★
It boogies my mind that I can't schedule a task for a specific time. However, the location and calendar integration is great if you need to be many different places in a day. Just got a suggestion to add a task based on an sms message, which was a little creepy but spot on and useful.
I love the app it is just missing galaxy s2/3 reminders
I like it
Cool app I do really like it only problem I had is I mainly got it to use on my watch but when I look to download it on my watch nothing comes up like it doesn't have it and that kind of irritated me since I got it for that reason.
This is the best new app I've tried in years.  I especially love the remind me when I'm in the car feature.  Love it!
Best I have tried so far.
So effective and efficient
This app is just what I need in my life. I love the reminder to leave to get to my meeting on time. Before I found this app. I was notoriously late for everything. When I arrived to a location before a friend, she pointed out, "But you're always late." 🤣 Not any more.
Excellent i love it, BUT it would more than perfect, having a graphic calendar in it.
Great way to organize the day
Absolutely fantastic app. Not perfect yet, but it seems to be quite new, so I'll wait and see what the dev team comes up with! Small critic : I'd love to have the option to customize the desktop widget appearance, as it really clashes with the theme installed on my phone. Other than that, I'm obsessed.
Really, really enjoyed this app. For a few weeks. Until last week or so, when an update came through, and my none of my reminders go off when they're supposed to. It's not until I check the app to see when I'm supposed to be reminded, that it decides to remind me of what I needed to do. Not helpful anymore.
I love this app, it truly is like a personal assistant!!!
Great app beautiful UI
The sign up and login doesn't work. The servers are down. Support doesn't reply.
It works well with my scheduling needs
Love the app
The app would be perfect if it did work on my Samsung s3 Frontier. But after reading reviews I learned that it is not compatible with my watch. What a bummer! But this is a Samsung issue. Great job on the  app! I like it enough to keep it anyway. Works great on my Pixel.
This app is perfect for me. I drive from appointment to appointment and this application will allow me to add reminders while driving and integrates with Android Wear and my new smartwatch. Its face on my SmartWatch allows me to plan my time much more better.
Good app and works well.  Would be good if the app had its own notification sound rather than use the lengthy default alarm clock tone
Can't enter app without giving permission to contact list.
Awesome app. Wee thought out.
In short, if I wanted to take a look at past days to-dos, prep, drive times all things on the day of prior to appointment, I can't even do that. I have my dad & son's appts along with my own, work and personal things to manage and often times I need to look back on days. On this alone, I'll have to delete. Love the concept and it did help me in many ways, visually organized my days but I need more: it: link to emails if I'm prepping for meeting and need to refer to it.
My only complaint is that I can't add tasks that go into the next day. For example, if I'm working from 1530-0030 the next day,  I just have to stop my day in Midu at 1159. It's a small complaint, but having that consistency between Midu and my actual day would make it 5 stars
So far trying to see if it's work for the purpose
It helps me tremendously
Awesome app
Love it
The app does not work with Samsung Gear 3 as the watch face is not accessible on that device
Getting a weird bug where some of the screens only show half of what they're supposed to not sure if this is a glitch or something wrong on my end otherwise seems like a really good app.
wish the alarm would sound even when your phone is on silent or at least have that option.
Google assistant integration?
So far so good,it great and easy to manage
Effective!
Luv it!
I like the features a lot and it's a good way to get reminded in more ways than Google calendar, which is also good but not as feature rich. Plus I can send other people reminders. That's awesome!
Love the app on my cell...cant get it to work on my watch and why doesn't it work on my tab??
Great app and I simply love it
Love it
Time waste downloading it
Please add the option to change the font on the At a glance widget. The reason why I chose to use Chronus's one instead of the built in into the launcher is because it was sticking to good old Roboto instead of the atrocity that Product Sans is.
I paid for pro a long time ago and now  when i go to change something and it says I need pro. It wants to charge me again.
Please add an option for the forecast to show the upcoming forecast and not current conditions when sized down
Must have. Great all around widget
I got this app for the widget, so it suits my purposes. I like the weather widget and the moon cycles. However, the weather is honestly super unreliable. Usually it is about 10° off from the local weather station (which is generally accurate). Today the app said it was 73° outside when it was actually 50°. I don't recommend you rely on this app for weather.
The only thing that updates on the damn widget is clock. 1 star until fixed
Where have been this widget trying many different widgets but this is really nice clean minimal & stock 👍🏽👌🏽
Given font with contrasting outline, it'll be helpful.
Very good!
I bought the Pro version of this app to try and replace my beloved Dashclock widget. The implementation is nice but the widgets are only updating the time. Everything else stays the same as when I created the widget. I mostly use Dash notifier extension that is apparently supported by Chronus to monitor notifications such as Spotify playing & whasapp incoming. On Chronus, they never update.. Am I missing something??
This app has a few very nice and actually useful widgets that I have come to use daily. These widgets are indeed lightweight for any android launcher and run without incident! The Clock Widget is among the top of the lightweight widgets you can get on the Play Store. The News Widget 'Once Set Up With Your Feedly Account' is really hard to beat! I have to give this app 5 stars hands down!
Nice idea but poor implementation. Far too easy to hit clock instead of settings icon, especially when widget is maximised. If clock is not displayed, settings icon is missing. The clock doesn't align with those of Dashclock and Better Dashclock on my other desktops. Ugly alignment of widgets (especially Dashclock widgets);which are far too close to each other, in both Dash and Flex. The Flex widget is ironically inflexible, with the order of elements fixed and, furthermore, the rss ticker forces Dashclock widgets into a single row above it that cannot be scrolled either - so I can't even expand the fourth one,  even if my child's fingers *weren't* too fat to launch one. Doesn't find all the Dashclock widgets I have installed. Last, and most significantly, you can't rate the demo version. If these issues (starting with the Flex widget and the rss issue) are fixedI'll consider rating it higher - as it is though, I'll have to stick with my current arrangement.
Screenshots misleading. All the nice features require purchases.
Great widgets. Works well. Looks good and modern. Caution: sometimes it doesn't update right away once you've changed settings.
Decent app. Needs a couple of more fonts / styles for widgets. Dev's don't respond. Would be rated higher with a response.
Great calendar widget. The widget displays events up to 2 weeks in advance. So you always know what's on your calendar.
Just refreshing my rating, almost 4 years later still the best weather app
Please add an option to center the text in the widgets!
An excellent weather clock.
Best app ever made
Notification message count no longer works on Ticwatch E.  Reply to Dev: I tried the newest version and still does not show notification counter (other watch faces work just fine)
Lost Pro features
Beautiful
Looks great in the store, but is difficult to set up and customize. Widgets don't work or have to be reset repeatedly. I even bought the paid version. Very disappointed.
Great app, planing on buying the pro version due to limited features in free version
Awesome best weather and clock wedget ever
Please don't be greedy.
One of the beat weather app in the market. It works like charm on my moto360. Very pleasant looking icons and UI. 5 stars from my side.
Every time there's an update i lose the pro features..
Great widgets. Unfortunately, I'm having some issues activating Pro features on my new Huawei device (Error message that Play Store is not installed even though it is).
this is my favourite watch face
Great looking widgets with tons of options.  Setup a pixel2 type time/weather widget to link date to Nine calendar and weather icon to Rainbreak weather. Was having a few issues but the latest update seems like it may have fixed them. Thanks!
I have purchased the full version of this app... The Clock + Weather widget does not update the weather status automatically... I had to manually update the widget after I waited up to1 day for it to automatically update... Looks like it was a waste of money
I love it and have been using it for years now. But now I got a S8 and set the raster to 5x10 and the widget doesn't adapt anymore when resizing and stays pretty small :/ makes me sad
Change my phone and installed Chronus and I get an infected phone with malware popping up every time the screen changes. Chronus seems to be a headache you get when you least need it. Wish I could get my refund
Hey! I really like your application, this widget is amazing! Like it. Useful and simple, but need more customization options for widgets. That's why I put 4 stars
It's a good app and widget just needs a feels like temperature on d widget
Attractive, well-designed widgets that are easy to configure. Developer was super-responsive when I had a problem. Very happy with my purchase.
The best weather app on the app store . Well done to the developers.   Thank you.
Nice....
Will change once I know how to install the watch face as all I got when I payed for it was the option to get a refund no open or anything
How do you set diffrent watch faces , like diff hero faces or any other background   Where can i find the full customization steps/instructions
Another home run from one hell of a great developer. This one is a must have for any comic nerd.
I downloaded this watch face and it looks great.
Balls out watch face 🤙
Awesome watch face, but i cant figure out how to change the actual emblem color
Best $1.99 I ever spent, looks amazing.
Love your hero faces bro. Just dropped 5 stars on Capt. America version and am downloading the Merc w/a mouth version also. Just need a better Ironman version and my set will be complete. The arc reactor is cool but not as recognizable. Somebody did an Ironman for GearS2 with his mask outline that was done very well. I think you could top it with something better. Thanks again and keep up the good work brotherman!
I commented a few months ago on another watchface this dev was great, just hoped for some DC comics love...and the dev delivered in spades, my new favorite watchface.
The watch looks dope but I've tried to customize is and I can't find where ill make it 5 stars when I find out.              Edit: I'm just an idiot but now I'm an idiot with a dope watch
I'm always late, but now I am early because I can arrive anywhere in a flash with this watch and the alarms I now set with it!  Thanks Phlash for the Flash
Awesome work as all ways the best
best analog for square watch face i've seen. good functionality, but is quite the memory hog (not sure if this is watchmaker's fault or the face itself) and  I have to switch to a stock watch face before running multiple apps simultaneously (ie. Fit and Music) otherwise I get crashes on one or more of these apps.
As everyone has said, BEAUTIFUL and simple watchface with great options to change without the need of of opening a phone app.  **Thanks for the quick response and great work you have done on this watch face! **
Can't see the face in my watch nor Android Wear app face selection.  LG G watch
I know how to select each of the time zones but how do you change the info for each time zone?
Love the white and black color options!
Very nice watch face!
Ok nice
Nice
The latest update is very nice. This is a very professional watch face. Thank you so much for your hard work.
One of my favorite faces just got better.
OP Rev 4 adds a few goodies to an already great face. I really like the dim setting and the extra hands. Great Work!
Looks amazing but the text where the battery status is, is messed up , for the text in the watch status strip it looks like "ATCH53WA" and there's no text in the phone status strip, not sure if this a bug ? Using G Watch R on 5.1.1
Using the new square version on my Asus Zenwatch. Well thought out and executed. This is the first custom watch face I've really liked since I got the Zenwatch.  Haven't found a way to change the temperature display to Fahrenheit. Don't know if I'm missing something or if it's just not there yet... no worries. This one is so well done, I really can't complain. Love being able to modify without going into settings- this is how a smartwatch watch face should work!!  Update- Aha! I'm new to Watchmaker, so i didn't think to look there. No need to move it since it's something likely to be set only once. All the other onscreen tap changes are the sort of thing one might want to change now and then. Speaking of onscreen 'tap' controls- what's the easiest means to get past them and tap through to, say, the watch face list or functions? I've done it accidentally a couple times, but haven't figured out the pattern.   One feature request- the ability to change the color that follows the sweep second hand around the perimeter to follow the minute hand instead.   Once again- a brilliant design. Complicated, but in a good, well thought out way thanks to nice touches batt level color coding.
I wish I had half the talent.....amazing creation, congratulations!!!
Clear design and beautifully put together. I love this watch face. Great job Frank please keep up the good work.
Beautiful... worth the money!
Thanks for the good work on the Watch Faces Keep it up.
Keep up the gold work.
Love the inverted mode
Looks better on screen shots than the watch. Also very slow to respond.
Kept crashing watch also dual time function poor display
Nice
Looks like the perfect face that I am looking for, however, it crashes every time I apply it. Please fix and I will reinstall. No updates or contact from developer about fixing the issue.
The below was written before I switched from an HTC One M8 to a Samsung Galaxy S7.  On the Samsung, it crashes just as it has for other users reporting on this face. Now I'm using the Glance face that came with my Zenwatch 2 software, now that it too has 12-hour time. It doesn't have lunar phases, but I've got a Moon Phase Pro face also, and the F05 face and InstaWeather faces also give relevant information.   ********** The recent update makes this my watch face of choice for regular wear, replacing the F04 face as such. Soluna has legible sunrise and sunset times, as opposed to F04's tiny font. And the face is much cleaner. So now that it has 12-hour time as an option I'm keeping it on as my main watch face.  It shares with F04 the moon phase lagging the true phase by several hours worth, probably as a result of treating the local time on the watch as if it were GMT, or perhaps the zone where it was written. But several hours is not much compared to the 29.5 day cycle of the moon.  It could use, however, an option to stay in full view for a longer number of seconds.
Looked like just what I needed but repeatedly crashed every time it was selected on my Huawei watch. Uninstalled
I have many watchfaces, but honestly, I think this is the most useful one, because it shows an up to date, unique, and always new picture of my favorite places. The Golden Gate bridge, the skiing slope close to my place, or the view from my local yacht club, I always carry these views with me!
Screen captures don't show it, but you are able to remove all text on the watch face in the paid version. Looks good!
I need help with this app.cannot download my local webcam
Does not always work
Love the face, especially the cloud one. I have a camera at home though that is a dlink 5222l I connect to through ddns. I would like to use it but I can't get it to show up, the url pasted in from opening the image never refreshes and I don't know if it's because the camera is password protected or what. Any ideas?
I cant see how to get into it.  The face when i down loaded it looks lovely.  I Cant slate it as i cant  find it.   Now found it and love it
Very bad  pésimo no lo recomiendo lo siento
Combine this with xeoma and you have a perfect combination!!
Developer at least responds. To the developer, you wanted examples. Apps are examples not spam. I was trying to give you concrete examples of UI and interfaces that work. The fact is your watchface is missing very basic stuff , weather, battery power for phone and watch, basic stuff. This app is very expensive for what it is and it's competition. almost two dollars for what should have been free or 99 cents at most.
I'll update my review score if these are addressed but for now there are not enough features. Wear.webcam watermark should be removed since I paid. There should be an option to not show seconds. There should be an option for watch and phone battery level. There was only one can by default, there should be more. Good idea but not ready for prime time in my opinion because its too limited.
Love this app although I would give it 5* if I had the option to remove the "wear.webcam" and the "moments ago" text! Just so it had the time and the date at the top. Can you make this happen, keep it on the trial but for us that have paid can you add this feature please!
Great idea, paid my money. Bug fixes are regular.
I love the idea of this, just wish there was a way to put the time at the top so the notifications don't cover it it.  -Thanks for the super fast update, works great
Brilliant app - does exactly what I want - but have sent a request by email to help out those of us who have OLED displays.
Works great!
Very simple, thin, overall nice design. You've earned my dollar. Any way to remove the battery indicator though?
brown is my fav colors,  i like it
Once I loaded it on my watch the face was more of an orange red than a crimson.
Please fix. It won't let me change colors
Great! Super eye ball effect + loads pf custom colours choice and awesome seconds hand :)
Animation still eventually hangs if let it run for more than a few seconds. (Is it supposed to do that?) Time now correctly displays after the watch's screen turns up, so its functional now.
I love Conway's Game of life(as any nerd does) and was happy to pay for this app. Once i realized that it used the time ss the initial configuration I was supremely impressed. What a wonderful watch face.
Just Bought It And Its Really Cool I Recommend It! :D
Not working on Sony smart watch 3 anymore
Huawei watch with Android wear 2.0 and the light version installed on OP3 not working. Watch saying just "loading games" without anything happening. Please fix.
Huawei Watch with Android Wear 2.0 and the pro version installed on a OnePlus 3T. The Android Wear 2.0 version only says "loading games..." without anything happens.
Doesn't sync with phone
I've installed disc golf lite, upgraded it to pro, on my phone and installed the wear version for my Urbane 2. I'm able to set up a game on my phone and bring it up on my watch. I'm then able to put scores in. But at the end, when I lock the game, nothing further happens. My phone shows an empty score card while my phone shows a locked game. Nor sure if I'm missing a step or if there is a problem.
It is pretty awesome that I suggest being able to switch players from the top of the screen and the app gets updated with that functionality a couple of weeks later.  And thanks for the ambient mode support also. You guys rock!
Fantastic app!  I use it all the time.
Unfortunately, it only recorded 10 out of 18 holes. Only found this out after I tried to lock the game. Great app, but not recording my scores when I input them is a major problem.
I emailed a couple bugs to you. Looking forward to this being a 5 star app. Unfortunately on my LG G Watch R the screen is displayed 90 degrees rotated clockwise so it is pretty challenging to use. But that won't stop me from trying!
I love this app, I think it is on its way to being great. I had to remember to turn off my screen between holes as it is a battery drainer when you leave the screen on. I think right now this is the only flaw I found, but as long as I turn off the screen I was able to play a round and only lose a small amount of battery. Keep up the good work and I look forward to new updates with improvements.
It works as it should except the orientation is off on the Sony Smartwatch 3. It's 90 degrees clockwise from how it should be. It's still very usable, just a little awkward. If it can be rotated back 90 degrees, it would be straight up 5 stars. I'm so glad someone has made an app for this. Fix the orientation and I'll buy the full version.
I have the same issue that Steve Carson posted about the screen being rotated on my LG G Watch R. If that issue gets addressed that would make this a perfect app for me.
Haven't tried it in actual game yet but it looks good so far. CodeUnlimited has been great at updating the app and listening to my feedback. Thanks!
I really the concept of taking score on your wrist, but I can't figure out how to switch between players. Please help
I had a LG urbane 2 edition but traded it for a samsung gear S2 and this app no longer works due to the gear S2 uses samsung gear and the LG urbane used android wear. I have the LG V10 and liked the app until now.
Does not work, it said it was downloaded but I couldn't find it anywhere. I went to the app store and there was no options to open, just to uninstall.
Stuck "loading games" can't wait for UDisc Android Wear to come out
I really like the watch face and all the features.  However, it killed my watch battery and had to switch back to my old watch face.  I'll try it again to see if it's improved...but a watch that runs out of juice after about 14 hours doesn't help me.
Nice watch face but is a energy hog
Love it but, the world time settings stopped working. Fix please.
LC Jones
Looks Awesome
Very well done app.
Great Android gear watch face! Awesome display layout with lots of great info. Round of color options to really make it match your style
Had to delete and download again,time and date stop working
Many options
Awesome love it.
I read the reviews suggesting battery drain being an issue so after I installed it I made sure to go through the settings and turn off access to GPS and set the city where I live in manually.  I turned off the speed feature, yet my watch died a good 6 hours earlier than normal only lasting 8 hours.  Until this is resolved I'm deeming this watch face unusable since my watch battery to begin with is fairly poor (Moto360).
Got it to work pretty quickly after reading other reviews. Works like a charm now. Thanks
Impressed
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS APP, They are thieves  I Paid for premium , But no features unlocked, it still prompts me to purchase premium, I sent them an Email and they didn't even bother to answer
Purchased the pro features and didn't unlock the features..They rip you off don't purchase
Bought premium, won't update and Dev does not reply. Theif!!
Paid for premium upgrade but will not allow me to unlock features.
Looks cool on my LG G  Watch R
Iv installed this at 00:20 AM.  Thought to myself i need a hannibal clock face for smart watch. Searched for it and i am so happy someone has made one. Thanks. It just needs settings to take the second hand away
Love ur theme face. But if crashes when the watch face goes dim. Fix this. Using moto 360 2nd gen.
First watch face I've reviewed and its great. Well done.
👍💗
Some improvements have been made since my last review, but now the notification count has been permanently disabled, sad because I found that really useful!
its elegant and simple. Just a beautiful and changeable face for any color scheme of clothing.  Awesome!!!
very cool looking. has a bunch of colors to choose from
Great color options and rad minimalistic vibe
Removed all but one complication. Dick move. Uninstalled.
Please remove notification count, it used to be perfect
*Update 2* Back to my favorite/perfect watch face!  The features that were changed and removed have been added back with this latest update. The developer was very fast and in responding to my email regarding my feedback on the last update. They were very courteous and informative with their plans on addressing mine and other users concerns in the next update. I am very happy to have this watch face back and with added features. Very simplistic and beautiful. I highly recommend this this watch face. I would also recommend emailing the developer if you are having any questions or concerns. They were awesome communicating. :)   *Older Versions* "Was" in love this watch face. But now when the watch goes into AOD, It loses any color/stays in only black and white. I have tried rebooting phone, watch, re-syncing from the Android Wear app, Uninstalling from both the phone and watch, clearing cache on both also, and a mix and match of those thing. Still, keep going back to black and white. Asus Zenwatch 3 - Wear 2.0.  *Older Versions* *UPDATE/REPLY" So the way the AOD on the watch performed before this update was not intentional and was purposely changed? I know that is supposed to be the benefits of AOD on an AMOLED screen, but did you change it because this was a guideline or a requirement? If it was just a base/optimal guideline, would or could you at least leave it how you have it now as Google wishes/but give users who want that option the ability to toggle it on? If not, do you have a repo where I could find the previous version of the Wear app to allow me to revert back? Of course I know this wouldn't be a supported version for you, but I did purchase this app that I loved, then it was half taken away from me without even a warning :(.
How do you change the time to 12 hours from 24 military time? At 12 it shows 0 for hour.
Beautiful and elegant neon watchfaces with great colours.Simple and uncluttered. Highly recommended
It would be nice to have an option to turn off the notification counter. I liked the minimal approach of the old version.
Loved it but not happy with the new release. The digital display won't fit on one line.
App just updated and now the digital face looks weird and I do not like it anymore.
doesn't let you set correct time format
Baaaad
I love this watch face for its colours and the clarity of the complications you can add. Battery readings for both watch and phone are particularly useful. I have also never seen a real-time compass being offered on any other watch face. Congratulations to the developer!
Misleading. All the customisation, except colour, is in the premium version only. Yet screenshots make it look like you can add widgets from the free version. Had I known, I would not have wasted my time installing. Uninstalling it now.
I am using fossil q marshal watch with android wear 2.0 i installed the app both side and purchased premium version. After purchase its showing all option of premium setting on my phone but when i tried to change options on my watch everytime i am getting message "enable premium settings on phone and there is no option available". Waste of money and time plz dont buy..i did everything force closing the app on my phone and restarting my watch but no fix
Dev responded to my issue of watch face not showing and fixed the issue. Love the blue glow and purchased the premium for the extra goodies. Very pleased!
Installed paid version on my watch and it just keeps uninstalling waste of money
Great app works perfectly on my z2 and smartwatch 3
Awesome watch face.... Any plans to include a weather widget?
Plain and simple
Luv it
I love that this face looks like it could be in the movie 'Tron'. It's ultra modern and stylish at the same time. I'm looking forward to playing with the new complications it's just now offering.
Gives a neon futuristic look to the watch. I love the acid colour. Sometimes less is more and with this watch face it certainly delivers this look. Great job
Very cool.. most of the colors look very nice on my watch LG Urban
Didn't work on my lg urbane
Less is more
Great looking face.
Really like the free version. The Analog looks great. I decided to buy the premium settings and was a little disappointed.( I was really hoping the date had an option to be less long (just include day number) when on analog.)  It also seems before you buy that there are a lot of customization, but there is very little. I really wish there was support for Android 2.0 complications on this. That would make premium more than worth it for $0.99.  I do still REALLY like the watchface and think it is one of the best looking analog faces. I just wish they had invested more time into the premium version.   If this was updated with complications, then I would HIGHLY recommend the premium version. As of now, I'd stick with the free version if you like the analog.
I purchased the pro version because the free one made it seem like I needed to in order to get it to sync with my phone.  But it still keeps popping up with a message to sync but will not actually sync and the info on the watch face is wrong.  I love the way it looks but it does not work so I would like to be refunded my $ or have it fixed.  No response, no refund, still now working.  Too bad, this would be my favorite if it worked.
Why is the setting screen still Prompting me to buy the full version...after I've ALREADY PAID FOR IT!!!!! come on guys, do you realize how much watchface competition you have out here? You've got to step up, man...Refund, please...
Some of the layout issues fixed but still no weather option and the face annoyingly makes my phone show a notification to sync data to the watch every few minutes. Uninstalling, again.
Keep getting hit with purchase the pro version requests, the face rarely updates, no functionality increase when you purchase the face since it doesn't acknowledge you own it. Massive battery drain
Purchased pro version in order to use full functions because I love the watchface. But it still prompts to purchase pro every time. Other reviews state the same issue. Asked to refund.
Looks cool but is killing my battery. I usually get a full 2 days but with this face ill be lucky to get 5 hours. Very disappointed
As with other users, I this face believing that some of the issues I was experiencing with the free version would be resolved. However, this has not been the case, my phone and watch do not sync and there are virtually zero options within the app to allow personalization.
I have bought pro version and it keep telling me to go pro, didn't open all setting.
It keeps asking me to sync data and then says it's a pro feature. I spent $2 so far. Not cool at all. I have a Nexus 6 and a 1st Gen Moto 360.
It keeps prompting me to buy app when I have already purchased it. The app will not sync asknto buy pro when i did. This is a scam
Developer knows settings can not be accessible with "Buy pro version " card locking up settings page on what is a Pro version. Doesn't' seem to care to repair.
Payed for the full app,  doesn't work... Doesn't sync info across from phone to watch and keeps prompting me to pay again.....  Gg
Very cool design, with all the information. .but use up the battery too fast.
It keeps telling me to buy the pro version and i already did. Like, c'mon.
I keep the 5 star 🌟 keep the good work
Is not enhaced for baterry life mine was drained while it was charging
Doesn't sync. Doesn't reconise that I have purchased the pro version
Huge Battery drain. 100% to 30% in less than an hour
I have a Samsung Gear Live and I bought the upgrade to pro but keeps asking me to buy it again. What is going on?
Awful. Do not buy. Scam. Doesn't work. Drains battery.
i bought the full version but it keeps telling me to go pro 😏
I bought the pro version just to change from Fahrenheit to Celsius no other options what a rip off
Very nice watchface ! I'll give it 5 stars if the developper adds the option for 24h clock!
bought the pro version still asks to purchase it... Can't sync data
Had a cheap one then I went pro
Battery drainer. Pity because it looks good.
Si far so good
Nice watch face
It keeps draining my watch battery really fast. If I have this face active, my watch is dead by lunch time. Shame because I really love the design.
Features such as tempature and phone  battery doesn't sync from phone. Dissappointing
Really cool design even purchased pro see if i could get face to update. I selected settings and nothing....if you get it to work live to have it. Moto 360 2nd gen
Can't adjust anything on this face. I want to keep colored background on all the time...can't do it. No option to enter location so just hope it comes in right.  It's too bad because I really liked the look of it
Good design, really like it. But having the watch screen filled with empty fields is a no-no.
Bought full version, still can't sync from phone. Told to go pro. Which I had. Doesn't work. Shame.
Killed the battery on my Moto 360 in 2 hours.  Waste of money
The only difference between pro and free is ability to change temp from C to F. Ripoff.
If the Pro functionality works it would have gotten 5 stars..
It wouldn't save the change from Celsius to Fahrenheit. It also wouldn't sync weather or battery.
Drains watch battery and doesn't sync weathet
Very good watchface, it is just a little annoying having in the app drawer the icon just for some minor settings. Keep up the good work! :)
Please try to get the settings on the wear app. Also I never did see the phase change
There's no need to add a different watch face in the Android Wear app for every different configuration, it clutters the list.
I can't pick the blue color moon you show. So I hate this app. I also don't see any other option other then 12hr button.
Love it but wish it had more options than just a 24h vs 12h clock
The app isn't working anymore it tells time but only in military. I had this face for 2 weeks now and it was running in 12 hour time periods. Please fix
Only has one face.


Works great on my LG G Watch wish it had weather info
The the best watch faces I have used
And free. Thank you very much.
Looks great on my watch
Thanks
Seif
Not a clear watch face.
Since I don't get any reply to my email I would like to have a full refund. It's not about the money, it's about respect.
Maybe more options for the watch face would be cool to upload my own photo, plus a weather widget would be helpful other than that I love this app
Love the app but transfer seems a little hit or miss. Also watch faces do not support the 24hr clock
I really like it! More widgets are needed. But the gui is very nice and simple
This application is off to a great start. Looking forward to updates.
Customisable and Simple
It's graphically poor designed. Also please add the option not to show the seconds hand.Thx
Does it work with the Samsung gear?
I like the design but I wish they were Roman numerals instead of standard 1-12 numbers around the dial . Also for some reason the face will turn white out of nowhere. I bought it for the blue dial I hate that it turns white on me.
Maybe it's just me, but on the Huawei watch there is a slight delay whenever activating the display. The hands have to catch up. Kind of annoying.
- 1001 NO WORK ON GEAR 2 with NOTE 4... REFUND MY MONEY, OR I KILL YOU!
Is this available for Motorola v2? It doesn't show up on my watchface list in Android Wear after I installed it?
The surgeon
How to open this app
Elegant.
Paid for it and said it was installed but nothing on my phone
I cannot see my watch face in android wear
Great looking watch face, doesn't support square watch faces though. Looks odd on my zenwatch 2.
Boring in ambient mode
Me no understand this app. I doesnt show up on my tablet. Plz help.
You fool how could you waste my time when install i went to home screen and found out that the app wasn't there and when I opened play store there was no option to open it only uninstall
I only wish it had support for square watches,  like lg g watch,  please update and I'll change to 5 stars,  thank you!!!  Keep up the good work.
It is real I am not jokeing I found all 7 of them and wish for a apple tab and when my father came home he brought a apple tab please please download it
I just kept digging
It stupid I wasted my time 😠
I bo not work and it is not on my phone
I cant find Face For Wear app,  the link in description not work.  Pls provide.
I was following it and I found an orange ball but it wasn't a dragon ball😥
It doesn't work
Why can I open it
How to open please tell me
What didnt appear
How does it work
How to use
Realgamerhaadee
That this is a great app
Luqman
Brings back memories.
This radar is nothing but trash!
STRAIGT UP OFALL I CANT SEE IT IN THE HOME SCREN F##KING APP WASTED MY TIME SO CREATORS YOU ALL CAN SUCK BIG DICK IDIOTS
It doesn't work at all
If dragon ball real don't that mean shenron is to?
You have to dig put like out side in the grass
I downloaded it didn't show
But it wouldn't install does this only work in watches??
It won't open do not install never!
I can not find this app
It won't work
Can't open doesn't show?NEVER EVER INSTALL!!!!!!!
... will not download from my stock Note5 to my new Tag Heuer Connected watch.
When installed it only gives you black and white. No choice of colours as displayed. But I must say it does look ok
Great watch app.
A Decent face
Love it
Looks great but time is off. Installed on LG R but time is out of sync.
But not something I personally enjoyed
Nice
Nice
Nice
Sweeeeet
nice
Installed this today on my LG G Watch. It looks nice on a square frame and I like the customization that's available for free. Not too keen that there's a persistent notification to rate it though.
Most stupid developpers ever! Keep pesting you about rating their app!
Keeps crashing.
Bee u ti ful
Need more improvement
Looks like only round watches are supported
Looks good
First clock that crashes on my lg r
Love this app., it's so easy to use and the watch face design is exactly what I'm looking for.
Watchface looking perfact and decent on my moto 360 . Lot of customizations provided with the app . I would like to recommend this app to others cheer :)
I wish i could buy one like this one in real ;)
I love it
Its realy nice watch having different cool colors
Only get stopped working message on Moto 360. Reinstalled and it simply went black.
Looking cool on my LG Watch R
Its easy to use
very amazing watch app and watchface
Uninstall
The GAME
Awsme futures
This watch face is literally awesome. Indicators work and I love the choice between analog and digital formats. Well done
I like the minimalist and elegant look. Also love the customisation feature. Well done!
The mini dials in the analog accessories are not aligned with the rings! Please let me know if there is a fix...
Better looking, better readability, more appealing since the update. I like the more customization given to the app. Very happy.
Look awesome! I like the design and the colors!
The arms on the small dials are all misaligned on the LG G Watch. All arms are down and to the right of center.
This is truly an amazing and creative watch piece! I love the blend of digital and regular watch faces. The gears move and are quite mesmerizing. There are so many options for customizations that anything is truly possible. Easy to read. HD. Feature rich without being bogged down. Beautiful styling and ingenuity. This is a must-have for ANY android wear owner!
The "circle" needs to take up more of the screen. The numbers look too small. Also I wish I could add app shortcuts. This developer needs to just make an app where you can create your own but instead he charges $1 or more for these watch faces that can't be edited.
Great looking watch face, enhances the look of watch. No noticeable bugs or glitches. Overall very happy.
Love it!  Has everything on the watch that I need. Lot the gear movements!
Probably my new favorite smart waych face.
A nice professional looking watch face. Analogue and digital.
Nifty animated gears. Lots of settings. Recommended.
Cool watchface Waiting for an update to able me to change the white background color
Ueg
Amazingly customizable when compared to other galaxy watch faces. Works seamlessly without any awkward glitches in the galaxy movement (Huawei Watch). That being said, it would be nice if there were more time hand options (more minimalist like mirage?) That felt a little more premium and clean. Also, it would be nice if you could freeze the orientation of the rotating galaxy for an aerial view, side view, etc. Lastly, a cleaner, more contrast nebula with less foggy color would be nice. Giving five stars because hard working developer who I believe will keep updating with more features, better efficiency, and cleaner styles!
My favourite watch design out of everything currently on Play Store! Just wish there was an option to change what parts of the watch face appear in ambient mode.
Needs to be updated to Android Wear 2.0.
Looks great but there are a few little problems. The main issue I'm having is that the image seems to go off centre leaving a black bar at the top of the watch.
Watch face caused my Moto 360 to lock up in ambient screen mode and lose the connection to the phone.  The lock up made the watch reset its self a couple of times.  Also the watch battery decreased by about 30% in the hour or so this was installed.
Watch font is not my favorite but the background and options are great. I loved the wallpaper and the watch face is no different.
Off center on my moto 360
it didn't show on watch properly
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
Works very well with my LG G Watch.  Lots of customization for both the watch display, font used, galaxy types and colours.  Can pick 12 hour or 24 hour time.  I have chosen digital and the sleep mode puts the time higher than the notifications sit.    I might like a large font on the sleep mode time but it is easily legible and discrete which many people would prefer.  Unfortunately I have noticed that it consumes a lot of battery on my LG G Watch & about halves it's running time.
This watch face amazes all of my friends and looks beautiful. No noticeable battery drainage after two full days of use. Developer responded very quickly and fixed a bug present in that app. Definitely recommend.
Would be 5 stars with more customisation. Digital and analogue on the same face and the ability to make the digital clock bigger would be great.
Love it but will not center on my moto 360
Extremely off center
Great app. However cannot get the photo background  to work. Which was the main reason for the upgrade. Any tips for this function?
What's up with this IAP trend with watch faces? I would have bought a handful by now if I could actually try the features first, smh. I won't pay a non-refundable IAP just to find out that one feature I wanted sucks. I won't steal and use cracked apps like a loser so I guess I'll just complain 😉
Really like it. Only issues I've had are setting a photo as the background doesn't seem to work for me and I always have to sync from my phone before premium settings are available on watch. I'm using Fossil Q Explorist.
Samsung Galaxy Note 8 married to Sony Smartwatch 3. Try as I might I could not get this watchface to come up on my watch, despite all permissions being granted.
I really like this watchface...it has all the data I want in a face...my only issue is the placement of the unread notification, in it's current location it covers the watch/phone battery...if there's a way to fix the placement it would be worth five stars
Great looking watchface with lots of customization. it can fit lots of information, and yet maintaining a cool and clean design. The premium worth the price.
Finally got it to take payment and glad it did this has become my main watch face its simple elegant & shows all the info I need.
Plenty of things to customise and it's not too busy. Looks good.
Free version is pretty simple for customizations, can't really do much until you pay for premium
Is this for android wear devices only?
Great watch face just wish the second bar was square not circular
This is a favorite face on my watch... Since downloading  (about 3 weeks ago)  all the others have been ignored and I have NO desire to use them anymore.
Really? The face shown in the store is the premium version for $2.49. The free version isn't the one shown, and is missing everything but the time. Pretty deceptive way to get people to install.
One of the best ever watch faces, great on battery life too
Необычное и очень функционально симпатичное приложение. рекомендую!)
One of my favorite watch faces colorful and has all I want on the face.
Thanks guys apps looks amazing more power to all of you and hoping more apps are coming ...
I love this App.
This free version lack more options. Everything more then a clock is premium. Too bad, look nice.
I really like it, however I'm unable to use pictures from gallery
AMAZING I am so impressed with this app, looks great, TONS of options, super handy widget for my phones home screen,LOW battery consumption. Hands down best watchface I have owned. Well worth the couple of bucks for the premium.  Great job to Dev!!!
Pretty pretty pretty pretty
Great looking watchface. But I had a lot of trouble getting the correct angle for my right wrist. Also I can't quite figure where the installed complications are. Other than that it's a great watchface
Well time.
Beautiful high resolution watch face. Minimalist yet stylish and very classy and above all, very battery efficient. This is what other watch faces should aspire to. Definitely worth it and looking forward to similar and more from Liongate and watchmaster.  Also for those complaining about the way "four" is depicted as "IIII",  go and google "Watch maker's four", that should give you the answer.
The only thing holding me back from giving Pavilion a glowing review is for two reasons. One, the number four is supposed to be "IV"; but the prominent reason is because of the settings. The settings for the Pathfinder watch face allows you to keep the 'night mode' as the main watch face. If you include this change in the next update I'd be delighted, thank you.
Nice resolution brings out the best on my Huawei watch. Uses only 3% of battery so this face could be improved by allowing user to set on time from the default 5 seconds to longer time period. Also setting level in ambient mode would be appreciated.
Roman Number 4 should be IV not IIII. Hope we get a fix by the next update.
love liongates watches. they all look great on my 360 v2
Four can be written as IIII
Simple and beautiful!
Looks like a computerized watch face.
It look so real.. by using always on display mode, it look amazing at night.. people keep asking me, why my watch so bright & glows..
Excellent, I swear the sec sweep hand looks so real, very realistic. Good job dev!
Great looking watchface on my LG G watch R, really really love it!!!
When looking at watch the face comes up black then flips to white. I think this will be very annoying and stop me using it. Very nice face othwise.
This face looks great but has very few settings.  I would like to set the display time to something other than 5 seconds. Always on, kills the battery.
Finally decided to pull the trigger on this watch face last night and boy I'm glad I did!  It's really well-designed and looks amazing on my Huawei Watch.
Straight to the point, professional design, no battery hugs bells and whistles. My every day watch face, great job! Please keep up the professional grade designs and you'll get a loyal customer.
I've downloaded and created a lot of watch faces, but this one has been my favorite / daily driver because of how elegant, clean and beautiful it is. I have mine set to night mode (dark) all the time, and I absolutely love the ambient mode face, which looks really cool. For someone who is constantly changing my watch face, I haven't changed it since downloading this one, which is the best endorsement I can give.
The ability to customize it a little more is all that it lacks.  For example, I prefer a second hand that sweeps as opposes to ticks. Looks great on my Huwaei Watch.
Phone battery isn't working on this face and many others from this same developer. Used to work perfect with same phone and same watch. Also, doesn't accept changes like choosing for day nice to be on all the time and watch still goes to night mode... So far no correspondence from developer... Finally fixed, never had contact with developer still...
I paid for this app,  and the only options it gives is to get another app with in app purchasing ability.
No settings and very simple.  Looks nice but tge battery level of my ohone not working
Not very customizable. It would be nice if I could change the inside dials to pedometer and such.
Obviously, one watch face cannot please all people. However, I find this watch face particularly elegant and functional.
Would be better if it had an option to just dim the screen rather than using ambient mode. However, this is a high quality watch face looks sharp and simple on the huawei watch.
Deceptive all the way, it does nothing, what customizations? Save your money pass on this
The screen looks ok but as almost zero customisation is possible it is a fail for a smart watch.
Really nice looking Watch Face, no issues what so ever.
It's looks very nice on my moto 360
Great!! Worth the money!... Cause I don't have time to customize watch faces. I will be buying more Liongate faces!
Nice face but not fully functional
The phone battery is not working. Other than that it's a wonderful watch face.
The graphics are very real and there's tons of features.
For now is locking OK ^_^
Clean and well design. Very good looking watch face.
Till now, for me this is the best😆
Nice watch face looks great
Thankyou
Simple yet elegant.......
This watch face is really so good.. But just one thing when it's in dim mode you can see the screen is shaking.
It is good face but too bad its flickering in ambient mode when you used the white background other else is good... Fix that and i will change to 5 star
Great watch face with a great ambient mode that sticks to Google's guidelines. A must have for everyone android wear watch owner (especially one with OLED). Only 4 stars as while the face itself is great and HD the ambient  mode is grainy.
I bought and downlod this faces to my Samsung note 5 but i can't use it on gear s2. Could you please help me to solve this problem
This is one of my few paid apps and I cannot figure out how to get it to work on HTC One.
I love this face but it would be nice to be able to extend the time that the face is displayed before going to ambient mode.
Hey this seems like a great piece of work, however I can't get the content  to my watch. Are these compatible at all?
Clean and goodlooking. The "black-blink" when going from active to ambient is the only complaint.
I love how ambient mode is configurable, it let's down so many other faces.
Solid, stylish design. Exactly the type of face I am looking for as a watch-guy.
Definitely one of my favorites.  Very clean easy to read.  Love it.
Great watch faces! "Next" is my favourite, but it reverts to a boring old analogue face when there is no event coming up soon. I love the typography and the way it looks in ambient mode, If you could make it so that instead of reverting to an analogue version, it just has digital time displayed using the same style as the regular text on this watch face, I'd gladly give it a 5 star rating!
Brilliant watch faces. "Next" is my favorite. I have a busy schedule and I love being able to see what's coming up at a glance. I actually really like the simple, elegant face that displays when there's nothing imminent. The Ustwo designers really understood how to take advantage of Android Wear to create something that shows a view of time, in a beautiful, intuitive, glanceable way, and is also novel and couldn't have been done mechanically. Kudos.
Love these faces but 'versus' does not work, it fails to show yesterday's step count. Tried reinstalling, reconnecting to Fit, clearing cache. Nothing is working. Any ideas Ustwo??
At a glance planning for keeping me on track for upcoming meetings. Then I switch to the weather face to plan my outdoor activities.
Creative, beautiful, unique, and useful.  These faces are a few years old, but thier distinctive look only matures as watch screens get sharper and more vibrant.  All of ustwo's work is beautiful to look at.
I cannot find the app in my mobile
Updated - 4th time installing it and it seems to have sorted itself. Accessed watch faces through the android wear app and they were all now present. Happy now. Definitely worth ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
These designers are very good. The watch faces are modern and clean. Love your work!
I really like these but I can't figure about how to link it to my Samsung gear S2. Is this compatible?
How to open this app and how to set faces to my watch k88h
How do you open it?
Great watchfaces but, I wish we could customise the background colour in the "next" watchface
I like it, but the versus face isn't showing prior stats to compare.
The designs look really nice but the step counter doesn't work for me... :/
Not short cut to open the app.
All of your watch faces are fun, original, and brilliantly designed.
Oh, nd Next is my favorite.
Amazing! Best round watch faces by far!
How to use it?
I wanted try to review
Love
Awesome
Good
Love
But it has a problem. The "next" watchface is not black (even when dimmed) so it consume more battery on led screens
Whenever I select the Next face, I instead get a full screen black and white analog clock, with the time until next appointment in the top left corner in small text.
Took a few hours but it finally made its way to my phone/watch.
The little stories in the changelog are awesome btw xD
the app not seen in myapp and its not able to open
interesting designs but need more config
I really like the simplicity of the "Next" watchface, but wish it had more customization (color, size). It doesn't utilize the full screen. And it doesn't provide a way to get to the agenda app for more info (either on watch or phone). Minor gripes, but very nice for what it does.
Never showed up in the wear app until I rebooted phone and watch. Customization really limited but the limited faces look pretty nice
Runway weather is old / wrong.  Other faces show temperatures that are 30° different.
Permissions show up, but the watch face themselves are nowhere to be seen
The 2.4 update made the ambient mode text bold I'm Forecast, a welcome improvement.  These faces are very well designed and useful, but people like me that love options might find them lacking.  Also, no card previews in Ambient Mode.
Does not facilitate cards in ambient mode. Would be nice to see a date. Edit: no longer show up in android wear
Will it rain later today? Love being able to see what's coming up with weather. Best clock there is!
Reset my phone and watch. Now these faces no longer show up. Yes, I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling ;)
Installed but there's nothing on my list of watch faces.
Looks like great watch faces but will it ever work on the gear s2?
I loved this watch face and it was always an ice breaker for conversion when people noticed. Now, it doesn't seem compatible with my watch at all? All other apps and faces with fine and everyone is connected... Just not showing up as a watch face anymore.   Zen Watch 3/Galaxy Note8
Great watchface. Time and percentages don't show up in line with the text on my Huawei watch though, if this could be fixed it would be amazing
The time gets covered up when there is a card preview
I love the face, but would love to see the time above my cards.
I like it but please make text as large as possible for readability. I have the lg g watch w100 first gen.
Would not display on Android Wear app using Nexus 6P and Huawei Watch.
Why is it so large? (1 GB at&t phone dont judge me)
Looks good but the "time is" line with the colon doesn't line up perfectly on the SmartWatch 3.
This is great on my Moto 360. I love the idea! lol
Looks great, definitely worth the dollar.
Won't open on my galaxy note 4
Works perfectly :)
A real game
It won't open on my trio tablet. All it sese is uninstall👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹👹
Lovely looking watch face. Only issue is that the hands don't stand out (they're a dark gray on black background). If they were a whiter colour so that they could be easily seen this would be a 5 star rating.
I downloaded this app because I thought it would be a great addition to my other watch faces that I change daily with my outfits. Even though it states it compatible with a Moto 360 it is not the app shifts the picture to the bottom of the screen. This makes it so you can't see the whole screen/face very disappointed!
Best app out there for local music from the watch - a pair of Bluetooth plugs and then you have all you need without your phone. Way better than Google music which is a mess when it comes to local music in the watch👍
A decent standalone music player for android wear with a good control interface . Also support earphone's remote control . However , transflective screen support seems missing , hardly visible under bright sunlight . Would be great for better control interface .
Great way to play offline music. Developer listens for feedback and makes changes!
App said that it's installed, can't find it on my phone. My watch want me to pay for it again when I try to download it.
I installed the app it didn't even show up anywhere. On my phone
Works perfectly, has an FTP server built in that works with more than music. What is there to complain about?
Please had Google drive support. The app is amazing non the less ;)
I was so disappointed when I found out that Spotify on my Ticwatch E can't store offline music (I always thought it can). But your app saves me! The best!
Not useful for zenwatch, lost the money
I use this on my ticwatch E, android wear 2 and it works
Small bug, if music has already been transfer via another app  it does not find the music files. to fix this I have to remove and transfer the files again to the same location for it to pick up the files. its just annoying rather than anything else.
Great little app, I had some trouble getting the FTP connection working in the first place but I emailed TurnDaPage and he was great at getting back to me to help - turned out to be my configuration which was the problem, not the app. Once this was sorted and I'd created a folder called Music on the root of my watch filesystem, it was easy to copy tracks over to it and the speed at which they copied over was really quick!! Playback works great, as well as shuffle/skip etc and I really like being able to reorder my music by artist/album etc.  Ditch Google Play Music and it's awkward process for transferring music to your watch - get this app now and you won't look back!!!
This app does what I need it to do. I can upload music to my LG Watch Sport for offline listening. Having the ability to create folders as playlists is the best part. It makes it easy to select the type of music you're in the mood for. Great job developer, keep up the good work.
Thank you! Since Spotify has no offline support for my version of Android Wear  this is a good and easy alternative. I use Easy FTP as a client on my phone.
This app is excellent and has the potential to be even better.  The design is beautiful and well thought out.  Transferring files using FTP is very fast and is a lot easier than any of the other methods I've come across.  Hopefully there will be support for playlists, or at least folders, in a future version.  Also, I'd like to be able to change the background color to black.  The type (names of songs, etc.) is small and hard to read - a black background and perhaps a bolder font would certainly help.
Id like to know what application on android you can see the music files bc Ive used vidmate and searched all through the parent directory? Thxs if answer
below average not good
It didn't work with my zte quartz android wear at all.
Beautiful. Thank you!
Watch face will not change
This watch face is simply beautiful.
This has such an awesome customisable design and is suitable for all times if the year. Love you're work. Please more :) :3
The watch faces look great, and I wish I could keep using it. But even with the frame rate set on clumsy my watch usually dies before the end of the day. Way too much of a battery hog for me.
How do I get it to be low bit (black and white)? I have a g watch r and need it to have none of the gray background when inactive. The images show this in the play store, so I bought it, but how do I get it into this mode?!
Good looks. Would be perfect if you somehow could add status bar info, and show time changing in seconds when screej is on. Would make me very happy!
Really beatutiful watchface. I've been hunting for watches that really capture the Material Design asthetic, this is one of the best I've found so far.  Would love to see more options in display features (like date time formatting, etc).
Looks great and all, but it's a battery killer.
Great app.. Worth the money. Would be awesome if the ripple lasted 60 seconds so it could be used as a Minuite hand. I think it lasts 30 seconds at the moment.
Fantastic watch face, very clean! Feature request: please add the ability to view watch battery % remaining. Thanks!
Certified battery destroyer. Shortened my battery by around 8 hours
I would report back on battery life soon
Looks good but shows am when its pm. No problems with my default watch face on this. First gen lg gwatch.. Changed to four stars since its fixed but new battery drain issue
But drains very fast the battery on my LG G Watch.
Drain battery very fast
Gorgeous!
Awesome job, I really like the look and design of this face! It seems the AM/PM issue has been fixed and the analog face is now there too. Really great looking watch face.
Bought the face a day ago and I love it. One problem... It killed the battery on my watch in a manner of about 12 hours. Normally I get two full days of use out of my LG G Watch. I'm sure its a bug that can be ironed out. Definitely 5 stars if the bug can be fixed.
Wow this looks really great! Only little gripe is the notification preview disappears in dimming mode, which I'd love to still see. However, it won't prevent me from using it.
I love the active screen for this watch face. The color combination options are great, and it has an awesome feel to it. I'd love to see the alway-on face remove some of the extras though, and provide just a basic thin representation of the time that won't take too much power on my OLED screen, or burn those pixels out more quickly than the others.
It makes a change from all the dark watch faces I'm using. I'm sure updates will bring more customisation so I'm not going to drop many stars for that. Bring it on!!
I'm using it on my Moto 360 for now. Looks really nice, and I love all the different color combinations. I'd love to see the option for an analog face as well.
Watch dies in about 10 hours when I used to last 30
Needs more ability to customize... More colors, watch hands vs. numbers, change more than just the front and accent color...etc
Great looking watch face, but I'm hoping that more colors will be available in the future.
Pretty good! it'd be even better if the design could be made to blend in with the Moto 360s 'flat tire'
Can you add 12 hour time?
Absolutely hammers my moto360 battery. Since I got the moto I've always got 30-40% battery left when I go to bed. The last two nights my watch has died at 9pm. It's the only app I've changed so it must be the culprit!
-Horrific effect on battery -Having the background represent seconds is a neat effect, but keeping it visible in the dim-screen mode doesn't really make sense, because that doesn't get updated every second.  I bet these problems are related.
There seems to be a huge battery drain with this. Maybe I'm doing something wrong...?
And hour markers wouldn't hurt.
Clean
One of the best looking watchface I have seen.  Absolutely gorgeous on my moto 360
Beautiful watch face awesome.
Arabic number written on bad way ( 4,5,6, 7,and 8 upside-down 3,and 9 like l'm looking to reflection)
I agree with many of the other comments. PLEASE come out with a version that does not have the Ironman Droid. This is actually a great combination between Classy and techy, but the Droid makes it too immature to use as an everyday watch face. I would pay extra for one without the Droid.
If you could just remove the flying droid 5 star
Remove the flying toy for five stars :-)
I purchased this but how do I install it on a Samsung gear S2?
The digital and analog designs look great, the colours and animations are spot on. Very well put together.
I have tried and tried but the watch face will not switch to the white background. Amazing watch face though
One of the meanest face..by far one of the best.. You'll wear it for long
I'm a huge joker fan and this face keeps up with the best
awesome! so cool and fits to jared's joker. love it.
Nice job !!!!
Love everything about it.
Best watch face
Yeh
Love it
I reinstalled 2x and it doesn't line up even close on my Moto 360 2nd gen!!!!
The concept is good but characters are way too big and bad colors choice needs work but good direction
The watch face has no order and some of the digital displays are over each other making it impossible to read, the seven segment display is in the wrong position on the watch, the face looks as if it is for a different type of watch when displayed on my Hauwei classic
Does not fit the watch screen
Not quite what I expected although nice looking the time displayed is far too small. Steps does not update. I'd suggest losing the ring between the battery gauge and clock to increase the size of objects inside the ring. Also does not support wear 2 complications which would be nice option. Will revisit after a while to see if improvements are made. Edit. Bigger watch face is a great addition 1 extra star
Good
Looks nice but the version you download from the play store has zero functionality. You can't tap on any of the watch icons for weather, calendar etc and none of the many settings shown in the configuration  screen can be changed so no way to assess if it's worth paying for the premium version. Complete waste of time.
Cannot download into my 360
Really like the look just a shame it wont link to google fit to show steps
Makes the watch face really small. Don't care for it.
very beautiful
The larger watch face is an improvement. I'm not sure why it beeps not on the hour but 3 mins after? Weather is not updating in unlocked premum.
THE ONLY WAY TO GET THIS FACE TO YOUR WATCH IS VIA A 3$ APP. GOTTA SAY, IT SUCKS YOU CAN'T SAY, UNLESS YOU HAVE WATCHMAKER PRO, THIS IS USELESS AND WILL NOT WORK
I really like this watch face it looks great on my Moto 360 my only complaint is I can't seem to change the weather to ferinheight. Am i missing something? Thanks great job!
You buy the watch face then you must buy premium watchmaker to use it, you need to be more clear in your description
This watch face certainly isn't the worst one I've tried, but that's not exactly a running vote of confidence. The thing which made me uninstall it in the end was that, while it did deliver on what it stated it would, it just felt too "busy." The things I've really started looking for in watch faces are, 1. Can YOU EASILY AND CLEARLY tell the time? (a great number of the faces on the market fail at this basic task), 2. Are the add-ons easy to open and then are they easy to use? 3. Does the face seem to drain power abnormally? 4. Could I walk into any situation in my life without needing to change the face? (too many are just not business appropriate or are too juvenile). Finally. 5. Is the face clean, well thought out, and generally pleasing to the eye. This final item is where 6 barrel fell short. In truth, there are other pieces of the face that I would have changed, but the ultimate reason for my uninstall was that the watch was just too hard to use.
If you use WatchMaker, this watch face is a must own! At a $1.20 this watch face is a steal! So what are you waiting for? Buy it today!
Uninstalled it!!! It just doesn't work!! It says you must "DOWNLOAD AND BUY" a different app just to make this one work....very misleading so this maker of watch faces will be the only one i don't buy.
I installed on phone, but no app gets installed, and no new face comes on watch.  No instructions to get it onto watch.
Can't see it on hauwai watch new. Does anyone if the opulence watch faces are compatable with my watch?
You can't load this onto your watch without buying a premium watchmaker app for £2.49. Terrible
This is presently stuck in my phone and I do not know how to get it to my Moto 360 watch any suggestions?
Love this watch face. One of the best out. Dimmed mode is awesome.
Installed 3x now & still doesn't work. Pass...
Installed it on my Fossil watch and it neither shows up in wear app or main apps list.
I have installed twice but I don't see it on my phone. On App store I can only uninstall it....
Did not show up at all...
Can't get it on my Moto 360 looks cool but just dose not work
Not showing up in my list of watch faces.  Moto 360. Looking to Uninstall.
Doesn't work for me.
To hard to see because the outside numbers are eating valuable space.
Not showing in my Android wear for my Huawei watch
Its not free if you have to pay to launch it.
I've already install this but it doesnt appears in my g watch r
Its free but you have to pay...really people
Does not show up on Huawei watch
Superb
Love the look!
Great work!
Awesome watch face!
Ali
Great face
Good
Good
The scrolling text appears on the far left and far right of the watch face. This probably looks best on a circular face but with a black background laid over the scrolling text this will work well for us squares as well.
Easily worth a buck and change.
Need  square watch versions so having only round makes me delete this
How do you sinc it to watch /android wear?
Ye
good app
Very clean and simple design. Nice :)
Minimal, as promised. That's a plus.
Thankks
Absurd
Needs color changes in dim mode option.
Awesome man, thanks for the heads up, it worked just fine, the shortcut through your watch face application isn't functional though, just wanted to let you know. Watch face looks great, I would like to see color options though, blue and green would be colors that come to mind. It looks very much like a Speedometer. I do love all of your V series for my G watch R.
Occasionally flickers at the edges on my LG G watch
Working much better now on huawei watch now. Great design and one of my favorite ambient modes of all the watch faces I have. My only grow is Santa's arms blend into the back round to much. Maybe the option for a blue or green background in the future.
*Update* Full color Ambient mode has been added and I couldn't be happier! Would crash after update but I uninstalled and reinstall and it's working perfectly. Thanks for adding it! I have the LG G Watch R and always use full color ambient mode because I still get full day use and there is no option for this only b/w and that's just plain ugly. Please add full color and I have no problem with giving 5 stars.
Crashes. Says Santa has stopped. Can't make work again.
This watchface is amazing . cool beautiful animation makes it perfact . this is the best watch face for christmas
Really good looking watch faces, but doesn't work properly on my Huawei Watch. Ambient mode is really screwed up showing double clocks in full color, and some details are offset in normal mode as well.  Will update review if these things are fixed.
This is best watch face ever seen.. Great design and lots of custom features Beauty full face watch.. And give great battery life Highly recommended..love d design in classic look. Jus awsme....
Really nice however I only got 4 watch faces. The green, coffee, grey and red. The screen shots show a blue face. Is that not included? No way to customize colors?
Really,  really liked the look of this watch face and the live watch face works fine but the ambient one shows the face off centre and another one behind.  Fix that and I will definitely re-purchase
Does not function properly in ambient mode on lg g watch.
Excellent!
I liked the watch face and decided to go pro.  After buying the pro update I can't change anything,  just get the upgrade option.
Going pro keeps saying go pro... No more settings?
Change settings after buying premium. Love design
Doesn't work.
Just a few customizations away from a 5 star watch face. It could use a double/triple tap action short cut and maybe some colors options, but overall this is a very nice design. Update (4/12/16): 4.5 Stars! New colors are a welcome improvement and most of them work well on Zenwatch2's weird low bit ambient mode. Just need app shortcut and minimalistic battery meter to be Perfect!
I love this watch face it's not a bad watch face and besides that it has big digits and I can actually read it since I am partially sighted it means I'm legally blind in one eye the only thing it doesn't have is the 12 or 24 hour time format because right now it's set to military time but I don't know how to get to the 12-hour time zone format that's right to 12 hour time format that is so anyway I just started enjoying it and I really love it so keep up the good work I made it does need some improvements if you know what I mean thanks again this is Leonard from Seattle
Excellent watch face very easy to read the time would like to see watch battery and double tap for weather hour by hour and five day weather outlook can't find if there's a premium version hope so very soon as I will be using this watch face as my daily driver
Great simplistic face. Would be awesome if it can add watchface complications on wear 2.0
Very nice
Would have given five stars if showed date too
Looks great...spiral turns and colours change...very nice!
Thanks for removing the logo
Amazing
Use this daily along with Integrated Timer. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the annoying crashes that happen, but that also happens with Ingress itself at a higher frequency.
Used to be my favorite watch face, but touching the screen now brings up an error message about how "android wear support is a new feature available to donators only." I don't even want the android wear support enabled. Please allow users to disable this! I even payed for the extension to allow custom logos already!
Love this watch face. Have tried many faces and this is always my first choice. Is there a way to disable the active points on the face. I keep launching the Ingress app on my watch by accident.
Don't have an Android wear watch but I use it for the widget. No better watch widget for an Ingress player.
The settings option seems to have disappeared. You can't change the watch face from the default view.
This is a watchface for a smartwatch running the Android Wear os...don't have one myself but still looks cool.
Love the simple design digital face. Low power consumption. And the ingress stuff looks cool too. Only two colors.
The recent upgrades includes useful new features which I'll use when I have my smartwatch (currently I am using the widget). Good work agent.
DJ Karan Kumar
Among the watchfaces,I do like this one.
Nice apps..
Great app love it

👍👍👍
Love it
Figured out how to change settings. First you have to open the settings by clicking on the widget in the homescreen. Lock your phone(make sure the widget is enabled) and select the widget. Next, when you unlock your phone, you'll notice you're back to the homescreen, open task manager and select the watchface app to bring up the settings again. You can now customize the lockscreen widget.
Decent app, looks good, keeps telling me that certain features are for 'donators' only, but there isn't a way to donate that I can see.
No use in replying to +Dustin Yaney. He's just an idiotic spoiled brat. Looking forward for more watch faces from you.
I use it on my phone screen as a widget but cannot use it on my Gear 2 due to a  different OS. It's a shame that I can't but still an awesome product.
Won't connect with my wear...no other apps have this issue.
I rarely do ingress but really like the way it looks on my sw3. Adding some more colors would be cool.
My phone says Enlightened but my watch says Resistance. It won't update even when forced
I don't want to pay for another file chooser app as I already paid for another one.
Can't even turn it on
Looks great and no issues with my Moto Turbo & Moto 360
I would recommend this if your an Ingress agent.
Gotta sport the team and this clock is an awesome way to do it and to know how close to checkpoint you are
Can you explain what the bars at the bottom signify? Thanks for the Reply.
Aren't those Gear 2 watches in the picture?
It won't even turn on it is stupid
Please include alarm settings in this
Gghu
TINT
kokhaing0147
Good use
myozaw
skylove
Awesome interface
ThankYou
good lar
Love it so far. Recommend making settings changes for the watch face with Google Wear app on phone though.
Beautiful
Only issue I have noticed is while using on the Huewei watch the ambient display when set to "full" will drift slightly off center.  Not sure if this is specific to the face or a watch problem.
You can hardly see the status icons (disconnected, dnd, etc) on the day face... :( seems like it could be an easy fix, and hope it can be fixed.
Love the watch face. It is clean and easy to read. Developer has excellent response to emails. It also looks like battery drain is improved using this watch face, at least at first look. I will know more in a few days.
Great watch face. I haven't switched it out since installing. Very crisp display. Shame about it being soo dull when active tho.
Phone battery level doesn't work please fix it
Keeps giving me an error that its stopped working. Refund.
Very nice, daylight and nightlight modes available. Watch battery gauge. Would give 5 stars if more customization becomes available.
Looks okay. Not alot but a fair number of options. Wish I could get rid of that 8. Seems to be a battery drainer.
I like the black face - how do I get the white one? Huawei Watch
Beautifully designed watch face... This is currently my everyday piece.. Thanks!!!
One of the best designed faces I've seen
Elegant!
I was very happy when I found out you can finally permanently set the time face to the night theme. But I was very sad when I found out that it doesn't actually work. I'm using a Moto 360.
This is my current watch face and I've used it since the day it came out about a month ago.  Highly recommend.  Only thing to make it better for some is the option to turn off night mode, but I like the transition.
This watchface is excellent, but I wish there was a way to disable the nighttime mode. If that was added to the settings, this would get 5 stars.
Definitely a quick favorite of mine. It'd be nice to have the option to change the accent color and manually use the night mode version.
Would like the option to use the night mode face all the time.
Love the watchface but I agree with the others, I would like to be able to disable night mode.
I have used a better one that no longer works for me so I switched here.  The problem is ads pop to play store by themselves.  Fix that and there isn't much wrong.
Decent functionality for a free app, but still leaves you frustrated and wishing you had a $15 calculator in your hand. Is it really impossible to make an app that gives a $700 smartphone the same functionality as the $15 calculator?  The graphing function of this app is all but useless.
Yea its a great calculator but an ad every two second is unacceptable. If you close out of them too quickly and don't let them load the app will close itself.
Used to love this but it has become riddled with viruses. Every 3rd or 4th button I press opens up the play store and won't let me close it for a solid 15 seconds. This is the only app that has this problem, even others with ads in the same location on the phone. 1 start until fixed.
Be aware that this may burn up your data. Why does a simple calculator need nearly 500 MB a month?
Simple interface, a little outdated looking but that's really the least of my worries. It however, didn't work for my math problem to determine the line of fit for a table of numbers. That's what I installed it for, and it couldn't serve that purpose... Basically it needs more options.
If only it could do some things like some summations, derivatives and intervals that would be sweet. Otherwise this is an awesome time. Oh, thank you.
Find it very useful when I need to perform quick calculations. I would give it 5 stars but the platform is not ideal for extended work. This issue however is not the fault of the developer.
Beautiful color blend and display.  Easy to use and contains all needed for graphing simple basic utilisation and scientific purpose.. thumbs up.
I have to say Just buy this one it is great to get rid of the ads and get down to real mathematics. By the way this calculator goes great with ( myscript calculator) as long as your screen is larger than 3" HAPPY NUMBER CRUNCHING PEOPLE. This really deserves the 5 stars more functionality than most will use unless you are a student or an engineer.
I've rated it. It keeps asking anyways. I'm about to uninstall the stupid thing.
This app is very useful for my college level math class. The graphing section should be more flexible with equations you can put in but simplifying them & changing them around forces me to use algebraic skills.
There's always a glitch that would occur and it's quite annoying. Sorry for the low review but this does need to be fixed, the glitch would happen in the graphing section where all of the graph colors would switch on and you had to manually set each one off..  well, I do hope I made sense
I think nothing could be better than this... improvement suggestions - better adjustment for small screened devices
E.g. graph of sin(arcsin(x)) is incorrect.
Contains inappropriate ads.  I don't want large breasted women asking if I want a date, even without the wife and kids around!
As an overall, free-to-use graphing calculator . It really does what it is supposed to do. I like how you can switch from graphing to scientific  mode without deleting any data when switching back and forward .
All these 1 star reviews say there's large ads, but from my experience, there are no ads, only it asking me to rate which I did not mind, it is a great calculator and works perfectly.
I enjoyed the colors on the graph, but ads keep on popping up and going to the playstore all by itself....it's starting to get really annoying
The graphing calculator is a scientific calculator and so please don't show obscene ads and pictures to it because our young childrens' brains should not get spoiled by seeing obscenity by opening the calculator.
This graphing calculator has many amenities and can be used by almost anyone...
It would be better if it could graph multiple functions at once and give the table chart for the function
It's pretty easy to use, but there is only so much to do.
This app in great for when I'm out of the office and need to run figures.
Three display options, depending on what you're doing.
Constantly has pop-ups, making it impossible to graph anything
Nerd here.I must say, the app has figures to my liking$.
Đồ họa, bố trí phím nhập, hiển thị còn hạn chế.
So much for a "graphing calculator" when I can't graph things I need for school.
Very awesome to use. Recommended for all mathematics students.
Where is the brackets in the calculator? Or else everything else is perfect.
A simple tool to make difficult things.
It does much that i want it to do. Not only that the user can save screenshots of graphs
I've downloaded many apps for graphing and this is the best.  Easy to use.
Aplikasi yang sangat bermanfaat dan mudah didapat.
I adivce you to download it instead of buying expensive calculator
I don't often need a graphing calculator, but this is everything I needed and more
I couldn't put in fractions, and it was very confusing.
This is very user friendly.
Everything I need plus the graph. Great calculator
Hands and features are off center.  Contacted them,  but no response.   Try one of the other faces.
Like the watch face however the minute and hour hands are off center making the face look strange and unusable. Do not download.
Watch face is alright but the hour/minute hands are not centered.  Can't use it like that.
Error downloading, finally made it. Would like a different set of hands. Hands need to be calibrated as 24 hour dial doesn't line up, others a 'little' off as well and appear not to move until midnight. A nice overall look that needs to be polished.
Very nice watch face but could you please give an option to not use the black and white watch face. Its annoying when it shows up and then quickly switches to the main watch face. Otherwise I love it so much.
Extreme lag and looks very low res. Moto 360.
Nice but came up short on quality. It looks cheap.
I have found some apps do not work well, this one seems to do the job, activates like it should with a twist of the wrist.
The indicator for the current month is little off: it should be right on Aug (8) or Sep (9). There is NO 8.9 month.  The indicator for the current day of the week is little off (for Monday, it is little over).  The hour indicator in the 24-hour sub-dial is off too. At 9:55am, the indicator is already past the 10.
One of the best watch faces for the moto 360!
Man, this watch face is great.
Excellent designed watch faces in the collection
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Cannot use for Gear S2..
Excellent!
Well design & lovely colors
Notifications don't work and it only comes with one watch face not a bundle. Tries to charge again for the bundle. What a scam
Customizing of the watched got removed
Works fine and loving it. However still waiting for the "interactive" part to work. Mahalo nui! *FYI - Someone posted "ORTE" being read on their watch face but I'm seeing it as "DATE". *Update ***** Interactive screen works Terrific! 3/1, 3/12, ***4/30/2016 Still, since last update 'compass' doesn't rotate (animation) anymore. Any answers/suggestions? Cause this was my favorite watch face until the 'compass' no longer worked since 3/1. When 'compass' is checked it's in a frozen state so yeah. 02/16/2017 Compass in a frozen state. Any fixes for it? 05/07/17 If it doesn't work just let me know, what is so hard to reply?
This watch face is beautiful, and has great features. But, the weather has not updated since 9-9-15. Even the Update Now button in the wear app won't change the temp from 80 and raining.  Update, had to factory rest my phone today, and now this watchface will not show up in the wear app, making it a pain to configure. Still looks great, but poor functionality.
Really like this watch face, impressed with the level of customisation. I've had it on my watch almost constantly for the last 9 months.  Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the weather complication keeps getting stuck since updating to AW 2.0, I have to launch the app on my phone and force and update, it will then keep updating for a couple of hours before it stops again.
So it looks fine, can't decide on a colour I like to be honest ...... But the dimmed screen looks rubbish, iv got all info showing and it goes off centre, so looks really tacky. The compass points around the watch end up cut off at sides or top or bottom .... Hope an update will solve
Doesn't appear to be compatible with Android Wear 2 as it doesn't show as a watch face after installation, not on the watch either. I have a LG G Watch R which is on the compatible list.
Phone battery info stuck on 71%. Android os 7.0 Wear os 2.0  *update* Restart on both ends fixed the issue. Best watchface.
The battery life doesn't update and the weather gets stuck, keep looking for the menu on the watch but still have to refresh from Andriod Wear app on phone.
I really like this face for some reason.  Nostalgic for me or something.  Always-on runs minimalistic and only sips battery as a result.  Background coloring is vibrant and nice to change once in awhile.  Great results on an AMOLED screen.  Take 5 stars.
Great watch while your screen is on and fully lit. But when the screen dims after a few seconds, it's difficult to read since the time is so small, and doesn't show any of the complications.
Its great only thing I dislike the weather never seems to be correct. It updates every 24hrs or so by the looks of it but living in a state that the weather as often as I have to have something to drink is hard.
If only there was the option to take off the north west south east  it would be 5 stars ...
Looks and​ works well, update s for face stats are slow
Great looking face only gripe I have is that the phone power indicator is always wrong phone could be at 15% and it would say 85% :-/
The battery indicators do not update all the time last few updates. Have to switch watchfaces to force update
I  love the face, all the information I want is already displayed. I would like to have more option on  the ambient mode time
I like this face quite a bit, but it really needs an option to change the date format.
Nice watch face, i just wish it had the analog watch hands with it as well. Other than that this face is the beat, my go to watch face.
Great digital watch face that doesn't drain your watch battery.
nice
I love the military watch look and the ability to change face colors.  I an currently having a daily, multiple time a day, issue with this app giving me a message stating "it has stopped and needs to shut down.". Please fix this.  In order to get my watch back, I need to do a restart.  Gets very annoying.  Fix this and its back to 5 stars.
I really like it but the one thing I don't like is that it's way too bright in the dark. Using a third party app called "wear edge control" and at 30%, the main functions just wash out. Using "swtruedark" for dim mode works extremely well for really dim settings. Not sure if it's a color issue or what. Also, compass is extremely inaccurate on my Huawei.
I love this watch face. Gives me the military look and things that I need the most. The one thing I hate is that the step counter is way off; if you need this bad don't even consider downloading this watch face. Everytime I take a walk and need to measure the step count, I open my Google Fit.
Finally found a cool watch face for the square screen on my LG G watch I really like, with all the info I need.  BUT....  I can't get any of the interactive buttons to work?...  Tapping on the time, or weather, or Google Maps, doesn't do anything.  Frustrating.  So close... but so far.....  I'm using a Galaxy S7 cellphone fyi.
This face gives plenty of information and is easy to read, but changes to it involving phone communication are very slow to push ie battery and settings like background color.
I love the amount of information this watch face gives you, and the readability of the information. I also like the ability to customize the colors and the apps. What I don't like is the lack of interaction with those apps (when I touch on weather, nothing happens), and the fact the weather will only update when I do it via the android wear app on my phone.
My favorite watch face. Only problem is the weather is stuck at 35°
Only thing missing for me would be the colour in full ambiant mode, face looks so much better when lit up its a shame it goes just black and white.
Love this face. My only complaint is that the weather data doesn't update automatically all the time. I have to do it manually quite often.
Issue is with the compass display which doesn't change from black even when you change the colours manually. I use inverted colours (white digits with black background and I can't view the compass unless I change back to stock colours). Very annoying, otherwise great face, looks like it may be my regular if the compass part is fixed. Update.... ****Uninstalling, this face drains battery like you wouldn't believe!!*****
I would like a longer time setting to ambient mode. If i am using the stop watch i don't want it to turn off after a max of 25 seconds
Great app, but it dose not acuratly show the right cell phone charge nor will it up date the proper contacts info. Fix this!!
The face is everything that I wanted in terms of design and information. However the delivery falls short. The weather does not update automatically (regardless of the weather information provider), the step counter has to be activated via google fit. Disappointing.
I tried many watch faces and this is the easiest to read  and has all the needed info. I would give 5 stars if I could also see my step counter.
Step counter doesn't work...was looking forward to that...I understand the compass not working for the S7 but the step counter? Disappointed...
Everything is spot on, excelent design. BUT please fix the number's width, for example the number 1 shrinks the time text horizontally, I hope I explained myself good enough.
Compared to other watch faces I have looked at I like how this one gives you the option of full ambient mode which still looks good when watch is set to always on. Like the compass feature too. Good job on this one.
One of the few I have downloaded and not refunded. For me that says alot
The compass is off even waving in an 8 pattern it's still inaccurate.
Reminds me of my old Casio except this watch face provides 10 times more. I normally use it for checking battery and the weather
I love this watch face. Very simple. All the important info right there without being too cramped. I like the ability to change the colors to whatever I prefer.
The background changes, but it doesn't match the sunrise and sunset of the area you are in. Sunset was at 6pm, but background didn't switch to night until 9pm. A step counter display would be nice too
Simple and awesome, good work. Thanks for listening and providing 12 hour format! Looking forward to more updates
*Updated* I stand corrected. Thank you for the 12 hour format. It's now my favorite face.
It just needs a 12 hour format option but I'm still using it for the moment even though it takes me a minute longer to know the time in the afternoon
I am using an LG G watch, and the time is not centered, cutting out part of the time. I love what it looks like, I just wish this would be fixed.
Love it and will be using it daily but it needs a 24/12 hour toggle.  An option to hide the hearts in ambient or at least make them black and white.
And the option to display the date in dimmed mode.
The retro looking 8-bit design is great for game lovers or anyone looking for a pixel styled watchface. The hearts showing the watches battery are particularily outstanding!
Looks great on my moto 360!!
Nice work on this, get a lot of compliments
Very good
Reinstalled (LG Urbane and moto 360).  Options only available through watch, not Android Wear!   Still crashes on both watches.  Other mml watch faces work better. And I don't like being told I don't know how to do something when it flat out DOESN'T WORK as described!  Android 4.4
Although the look and style is great. The battery indicators do not update automatically unless you click in the phone app. Also the month calendar is not going to current month automatically.
It's keeps say no permission to read calls or text on my phone it anoying even I quite like the watch face
Great looking , but have a question when's is the interactive one coming it's been 12 months almost sine it came out shame your other watch faces have poor reviews they all work fine for me
Wish to get a full or more features version. And wish at the ambient screen got a simple digital style with a calendar for all your products, thanks
Not very useful.
Setting from the watch is not being saved
I like it, more than what i need
Can't change colors or take it off of 24he. Zero customization
Simply doesnt work !!!
Face looks good
ok
Love it
I like this watch face a lot but it's drawing a little too much from the battery. There's no way to change the ambient settings.
Good.
I like this watch face but drains my battery. I used the lite version and my watch was 100% in battery life and tooks 5-6 hours  to drained it all Polar M600
Awful app. Just keeps asking for permissions. I followed the very limited instructions. Save yourself the hassle don't install.
Paid for the app problems installing.
What witchcraft is this?
Tell me, How to open this app. It not Work.
And the 24 hour settings don't work. It's 12:45am, 24-hour is ticked off and it still says 0:45 on my screen
Nice app
Moto 360 1st gen. with ambient display and tilt to wake turned on this watch face would keep waking the CPU and blink the display on/off severely impacting battery drain (~20% per hour) Otherwise liked it. Bug can probably be fixed.
Color options along with night and day colors make this a regular watch face. I'd like date options but great otherwise.
Cool & simple watch face!. If have a setting to select the font size will be great, especially the day and month.
Love the look, but had to charge my watch in the middle of the day.
I am using a Asus Zenwatch2 with Nexus 5x. I installed the application. The app says it is installed in Google Play but I don't see it in my phone. How can I use it to rotate the watch face?
...
Plain and simple, and probably my favourite, even ignoring the rotation feature.
Battery drain so fast
Simple and nice design, working perfectly with ZenWatch2
Не работает
Simply great ... Literally. Nice job!
Very good
Nice look
How do I set the black watchface as default?  Keeps going back to white each time I turn the watch on.
The dev seems to be very responsive, and the rotation is exactly what i wanted. If there was a 24h display option it would be amazing, but without it I have to keep looking.
I really do like it, but I wish you could change the red. I'm just not a fan of red. It's pretty much what I was looking for other than that. If there was an option to change that color, it would be perfect.
I love this watch face and use it everyday. I just wish the date still showed when my watch face blackens.
It's really nice and clean but hampered by the lack of 24h mode.
Love it but it really needs a 24h time display.
Great but Would be perfect if it had 24 hrs mode.
By default moto 360 have a watch face like this with more customizations.
Great wee watch
A great looking and functional watchface. It is just a little bit annoying to have the icon in the app drawer just for some minor settings, try to place them inside the android wear app. Thanks! Keep up the good work!
It's funny how you guys are trying to sell this watch face with the rotating gimmick, but what you aren't realizing is that this watch has the best-looking face in the app store that includes a calendar. The rotation feature is cute, but thank you for finally making something functional that isn't horrendous to look at.
But I think when you have a notification the clock needs to shrink. Because the notification hides half of the time. Which is no good.
Awesome, Simple  Love the app, this is the watch face I've been looking for. Not really looking for the rotating part, but the design is great!  Would love to see 24hr format support on this though..
FINALLY!  I've been waiting for someone to make a watch face that works for those of us who prefer to wear our watches face down....    ...unfortunately, I can't get it to rotate.  Moto 360.
Just one major thing for me - could you add a 24hr version please?
Nice clean design. Would be great with 24hr mode as well as watch battery & phone battery percentages.
Lovely, clear and simple. My new favourite watch
Needs a black theme and a more visible second counter
... if the seconds are to show in my opinion the need to be a darker font please.
love the simple face.  would be nice to change colors, perhaps black background :)
Doesn't rotate
Anyway the best minimal digital watch face
Don't care much about the rotation.
...knowing that should my watch arm ever need to be surgically reattached, I need not concern myself that the surgeon will put it back the right way round.    With this app I can rotate the watch face to compensate for all kinds of surgical errors and malpractice!  Nice clean lines and easy to read, although if you allow the colours to be configurable I'll give you an extra star...
I have spent literally minutes looking for a watch face that rotates and then I came across this sorry piece of virtual clockwork. I won't lie, since installing the watch face, my ability to tell the time hadn't had any negative impact, but I can't wait to be able to rotate the face an arbitrary amount of degrees.
10 out of 10 ... of the available numerals are used to display times.
Simple, clear, stylish clock face!
App stuck in 24 HR clock mode. When i reset in app, it does not save.
It must be built for a square watch because it doesn't cover the right side or the bottom it's just aBlank Space nice idea but doesn't work with my new Asus zenwatch 3
doesnt work for huawei watch
This looks great, love the options, but there is a black bar on the right side of the watch (Moto 360 v2) as if it is compensating for the flat tire on the right side. Every thing is shifted to the left. Please fix this because I really want to use it!
I love the interface and watchface but there is a problem on my 42mm Moto 360. There is another black bar on the right side of the screen which makes it unusable.
Looks great on my phone, and after a few problems with syncing, it now looks great on the Moto 360.
Simply perfect! So many settings you can choose. The face is very simple and great for the winter holidays.
Works on square faces, too. Thanks for all the animation option, but can we get more backgrounds, too?
Works great on a moto 360 but It will not work with hauwei watch, hope this can be fixed.
Beautiful watch face. I wish it could show me the battery charge level. That would definitely be the frosting on the cake!
I like the adjustments just wish there was an option to show date.
Needs date and 12-24 option and it's drain the battry
I get a black background and just the time on my moto 360
I've had a bug with this watch face where the time doesn't update when in ambient mode. While adorable and fun, it made using it as a watch face difficult.  Would love to see a fix. Thanks!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a nice watch face :😛
Awesome face, for some reason on my moto 360 gen 2 the right side of the image has a "flat tire" also. Hope this gets fixed since it makes the whole thing off center
Looks nice but when installed on huawei watch it didn't show full screen and only covered about half of the face. Maybe not setup for Huawei watch resolution.
Good
This app is a chain making you download apps for its own good
I'm updating my review because I am now able to change all the color on the watch face and they show up on my Moto 360. Everything is working great except Logo Label is no longer showing any text, not even the default message. It's just a blank bar. Since this feature is not very important to me I have just turned the Logo Label off in the settings. I'm enjoying the watch face very much.
Love it like all your other ones, but I noticed that the digital clock text is smaller than it should be on the LG Urbane 2 LTE. I suspected this with NAVI, but it is very obvious on this watch face. I have tried tweaking the font settings, but that only affects the card text. I hope that something can be done. I am looking forward to showing this off at the 3rd annual Time Lord Party, lol
I was unable to open the app on my Samsung Note 8 and use the application. I would like a refund
This is an epic looking version of REMARKABLE! I've pretty much decided that you are incapable of making a poor quality product. Excellent work!
I own a few of Tha Phlash's watch faces and several other premium watch faces Hands down his are the best and most dynamic looking. They take a smart watch and make it a classic yet contemporary time piece. Doc Brown would be proud Homie.
Can u do anything wrong? Keep the imagination flowing!
The time circuits that rotate on the watch face block the digital time every time one of the bars crosses in front of the time, making it impossible to read.
I can't get a day out of it, it eats the battery :( LG urbane/G4
Can't download to note 8, and nothing shows up on gear. tried uninstall and re-download. Want a refund :(
It would be so much cooler if it actually did something , like the electricity actually moved .
I like this watch face. But I don't get it. How come the flux capacitor is running sometimes but sometimes it isn't?
Day 2: I bought this yesterday,  and it doesn't show on my android wear list of watch faces. I in installed and reinstalled.
Just buy it Phlash Tha does nothing but quality work......
Amazing superb great job thanks.
This watch is fantastic man!
Another awesome watch.
Awesome looking
awesomeness
Meh 😊 I liked it but it would not function correctly. I know its not constructive. Colors and dials did not change for me. Other then that great! I have your other watch's and love em. Thanks for the reply.
Amazing! I'm having trouble getting the "Enable Sweep" function to disable on my Moto 360 (1st gen). Otherwise, it's pretty great!
Really don't want the display to use colors in ambient mode! I also want the capacitor to show some animations like fluxing or something :)
Gotta love this face. Takes me back, straight back to the future
Im going back to the future!
Hit another one out of the park
Gorgeous
Love it :)
Only thing that would make this better is if the capacitor actually animated in night mode!
From what I'm gathering there's supposed to be configurable settings for this watch face? I'm unable to see them on my G Watch through the watch or android wear app. Otherwise it's a beautiful face that's the perfect balance of digital and analog.
I love this concept. More cusomization would be nice.   * 24Hr support (digital) * color changes * black background * Bold text?   Apart from that - Great! also on the square G watch! :)
Only shows 1 face. Where are the others displayed in the photos.
Only thing missing is the ability to change the arrow color, show the battery %, and a full black and white ambient mode. Other than that its amazing! Battery life is awesome too!
In the UK, Monday is the first day of the week. Not being able to change that is a deal breaker for me
Excellent watch face, people always ask why only one hand. Unfortunately I am ex military and 24 hour is a must! So even though I think it is fun and gets people talking I don't use it as much as I would like.
There is only one face. The one that looks like a traditional watch. Each section, that on first glace looks like 15 minutes,  represents a day of the week and then the relative time within that section. So 12:02 would be Sunday at around noon.
I'm happy with it, except that I'd want to see a 24h mode before I can really use it. It's a 5 star watch face to me if 24h option is added.
Whoever made this is a genius! Such a simple but elegant watch face and love that it shows you where you are in the week and not just the time! Stylin and profilin....love always, Prof. Dickweed
Where do I change the face options for this watch face? I see it on the default digital clock face, with no menu selection on either watch or phone to switch. What's going on?
I'd like to be able to set the face to have the week start at Monday instead of Sunday, but other than this, it looks and functions great.
the date is too faint on the dim watch and makes it impossible to see.
No customization what so ever
Was hoping to like it because heard good things but it would freeze up.
Love the clean design and attention to detail.
I cannot change any settings I am stuck with no settings so I can't customise the watch face
Material design settings menu on both phone and watch
Unfortunately there's no 24h option yet.
Awesome looking slick face for my huawei watch
No menu.
Amazing watch face
Leads you to believe there are settings, yet doesn't have any.
This is a great watch face. I just wish that it had an ambient mode.
Minimal, simple, and excellent idea!
Nice face
A quality face with plenty of options... Months later:  As best I can tell this face was changed for  Android wear 2.  It isn't the same and lacks features previously available. Difficult to read in various light levels without setting it to max. I am abandoning it.
It says it is installed but does not show up on Android Wear 2.0. This was my favorite watch face but now is useless.
My favourite watch face but now I can't reinstall it on Moto 360.  edit workaround: set interactivity to app which then asks you to pick app on watch, after picking an app both the wear app and watch can see it again. :)
Been looking, but I can't find a watch face that I like better. I just keep coming back to this one. Beautifully done.
I just bought it and it works great with my Ticwatch E! Please dev just add a Notification Reminder always on if its possible on the app settings! Not all the notification works if i don't read something and i don't get a reminder that i have a notification in the background! Also for the steps it takes some time to show the exact steps i made,sometimes it takes even 5 minutes to refresh! Thanks for you work and for your time!  Danke schön liebe Dev 😊
This is my #1 favorite watch face. I've gotten complements on it in clubs, before people realize it's a smartwatch.  Seems to have decent battery life.  I really have nothing negative to say about it. Maybe a better selection of weather providers would be nice?  But that hasn't negatively impacted me.
Does not work with Moto360 Gen 2.  *Update - Install on your watch after downloading (go to play store on your watch and download from there).
Just a minor issue but but weather is misspelled in the options menus on the watch, its spelled "wheather" in there right now.
Very nice design, smooth and works well with dim mode. But you can't change left and right complications, and we need more color choice including the options for selecting secondary color.
Great watch face with Android 2.0 complications integration. Also, Great battery life compared to competition like Pujie.
was a great watch face - but I moved to my Samsung S8+ , and pronto, none of my watch faces are showing up in Android Wear or on my watch anymore:(  who should I blame?
Having searched for a nice smart and functional watchface I've finally found one. Good layout, easy configuration and works well on my Sony SW50
Extremely good looking watch face with a high design level. Has instant become my go to style. Would be nice to have more interactively / launcher buttons.
I love this watch face. I have changed it to match the instrument cluster on my dash of my new Dodge Ram
Gorgeous, works well, but drains my watch faster than any other face, even with no steps or weather turned on.
Does not show after installing ..Android Wear 2.0 doesn't show.. what can we do?
Good watch face. But battery is draining very fast.
It's not showing up on my watch can u please help ??
OK could do with more tho
From my first Smart watches I am really satisfied, easy, nice, usefull ...
Phone battery doesn't update on the watch face anymore. Otherwise the best looking watch face.
Didn't download to my Mission
Seems good on the smartwatch 3. Text would benefit from being larger.
This is another amazing and well done watch face.
It only works about a third of the time. Loved it when it worked.
Doesn't download to my smartphone so useless
Great. Easy to customize. My go to watch face.
Great design and looks very sharp.
Cool watch Face. Really like it
Great app for a watch. Love it
Waste of money
Good app.
Wonderful !
I love it
good
V. Good
Amazing
love it
good
Cool
Dont see app installed in phone. Cant open app via playstore. Just says uninstall. How do i change the pic?
You should definitely scale the values before turning them into colors. Since I use a 12 hour clock, I never get more red than 12, which is less than 5% of the maximum amount of red possible in hexadecimal (255). I would love seeing it scaled and providing a much larger range of colors.
If you're the sort that can memorise an RGB or have pantone espresso cups - this will make you smile every time you flick on your overpriced wrist-toy. Is it necessary? Of course not. Is it fun? Deliciously so!
A simple display with a nice quirk which also let's you set the size of the notifications, which is a massive bonus. The 5.1.1 update has made the spacing and sizing a little clunky in my Sony SW3 though..
The idea of representing time by colours is very nice. However, I wished the time would be more nerdy, more hexadecimal. Instead of #101320 after #101319, I'd like to see #10531A so really representing the seconds, minutes and hours in Hex numbers. 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,A,B,C,D,E,F,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,1A,1B,1C,1D,1E,1F,20 and so on. That really would make it perfect.
Moto 360 battery discharge more than doubled over the day. Shame because I want to use this face. Nexus 4, ambient off, tilt to wake on.
I love the visual style of this watchface, but I have some minor nitpicks: While in ambient mode, the color of the minutes is too dark - when sun is shining on the display, I can only see hours and not minutes, because the contrast is too low. Maybe make it white? Or, even better, if you'd consider making this watchface open-source, I could make this sort of subjective changes myself without bothering you.
As a graphic designer I am growing tired of all the cheesy and useless popular watch faces... This watch is not only beautiful but you can also use short notifications! Love it!!! I wish the date number was bold but that is my only complaint.
Saw the website a while ago, laughed and moved on. This is actually a much better use of the concept. Even has a material settings menu. 10/10
When you mute put the watch on silent the color turns black. We should be able to toggle that feature if we want the colors on the whole time.
This is a really cool implementation. One wish that I have is for the non short card option to be a bit more consistent between ambient mode and interactive mode.
The rating is just for the originality. This could be a miserable failure from a technical perspective and I would still love the idea.
As a graphic designer, I approve. I think I've found a few colors I've never know of before from here!
An excellent watch face that's light on battery. I'd love if it could step through the whole range of colours in a day. This could be done if each hour stepped 255/24 and each second and minute stepped 255/60. Or maybe incorporated date somehow?  Anyway, a solid 5 stars. Couldn't ask for more from a free face!
Been rocking this face for a couple days, and love the look and feel of it. Would it be possible to add an option to replace 0s with a-f? I think it would be interesting to have a broader color palette. Keep up the great work.
On twelve hour mode and 24 hour mode.   Otherwise it's my favorite watch face, and many people at the FIRST Robotics World Champs had something to say about it! Would be 5 if I knew what was up
Finally a great watch face without any clutter. Date and time are clearly displayed, even when the watch is on standby.  Plus you can memorize your favourite hexadecimal colours (and know their names)!
Nice little app good to change to when you just want something simple, just one thing though I don't get any colours when the 360 is in cinema mode .. Cheers guys
Just got my LG G Watch today and this has already become my favorite watch face. I love turning my wrist and seeing the colors gradually change with names to boot. Well done.
... But it's mostly dark or black thanks to the data formatting, looks kinda boring
Really a thoughtful and simple watch face. Good for moto 360 and also Sony SW3. amazing:)
As a developer I appreciate that the author has credited everyone involved, even the person that aided with screenshots. Bravo for responsible development.
Can't assign the watch face. It doesn't appear in the Android Wear app, even when I go through the Jagger app. The Jagger app also doesn't save any of the changes I make to the watch face.
It just cycles the same colours and names no matter what time it is right? Seems like a bit of a con which sucks because it's such a good idea
But there needs to be an option to disable the "darken when muted" feature
A simple watch face that meets all the requirements to make it good, and then it adds something extra to make it great.
This watchface wouldn't work before, but now that it does... Hooohoohhohooh. Oh it's good. Seriously.
I'd like to see an option to have the colour change less frequently, maybe every minute?
Personally, I like digital watchfaces with a difference and this one really fits me well 😄
My current favourite watch face. Appeals to my inner design nerd
amazing app but u would like the ability to get rid of the seconds and add a colon between the hour and the minuite
I love the concept and how the idea being translated into the watchface..  It's awesome..!!
Would love to have smoother transitions between numbers and colors, but it is pretty great otherwise.
Finally a watch face without all the clutter that's still interesting. Works great!
Would be 5 stars if large notifications do not overlap watch info.
This is great for geeking out. I like digital displays and this is one of the best I've seen and it's free!!! Great job!
As a web developer, it really fits my wrist quite well.
Loved the idea about converting time to hex code. Keep up the good work.
The concept is so simple yet so amazing and it's really well done.
Wow, such a neat idea.  Clean and customized together.  I just love this.
i love how it shows the time in a glanceable way but is still interesting to look at
Really cool watchface optimize for square watches looks amazing on my LG G Watch R
Navball appears upside down on my watch. Is this a "Down Under" joke on us Australians? I so want this to be cool, but that's really quite annoying. Also, the shift to the cut-down Ambient time is annoying if you're looking at it when it changes.
It isn't a good shape for my square watch so I won't use it which is a shame since it looks good otherwise.  On a square face it gets too small.  Great work though!
But it isn't showing up in my watch settings. Just got the watch today, in part to use this face, and it isn't working.  Sad face
Was so excited to try this watch face since I work at sea but unfortunately does not work on LG urbane urbane 2nd edition LTE
Probly will use up battery qiuckly
Took forever to sync but got it working. Love it
Try a watch face manager, then you can choose any static image you want.
HOW DOES ONE OPEN
Kerbal power
Just a picture no animation
A classy watch face. Thank you for free app sale.
GREAT CUSTOMER FAST SUPPORT.  Google PLAY is the one that is having issues.  This watch was beautiful until we got the SNOTE 8.  Now I cannot even reinstall it.  Hopefully Google PLAY will offer the same fantastic Richface support!!
It's nice. Would be better if I could hide the clock hands since there's already digital time, and the watch hands get in the way of everything else like battery percentage.
Now I wish I had read more about this before I purchased it, I didn't realize it was for android wear, I have a Gear S3 and it won't install onto my watch. Does the devoloper give refunds or can it work on my Gear S3?
The free version is useless. Does not give any real idea of how the short cuts work.
I bought the premium version and kind of regret it now. The free version was much cleaner without all those coloured icons messing up the look. Would be better if you could turn them off, hide them out at least turn them black and white. Also, there is not a step counter on the face, which is a pretty basic complication. That just boggles my mind.
Nice face design, but the app is NOT very user friendly. It took me a while to work out I had to install the app on both my watch AND my phone to be able to customize anything. Then, the controls in the app are not self-explanatory - tool tips explaining each function would be helpful. Alternatively, a "dummy" watch face in the app could show the effect of changing a setting. It took ages for the settings I changed to sync to my watch, so much so that I couldn't work out what any of the functions did, because I had no visual feedback on what each change did. Also a bit disappointed that I can't view today's step count in one of the icon slots, only an icon that once you press it gives you the week's stats.
I just purchased the premium version. The small action icons do not appear in my Moto 360 watch. I can access the functions but I have to guess where the icons are. Help!
Looks very good, could you add a second time zone for the digital time ? With that I will give 5 stars !!!
I can't get the Google steps to work it won't send to wear ..only for that I would have given 5 stars
I have to say I do enjoy the layout and use of the APP. It has provided me with the useful apps one needs quick access to.  So again CHEERS to the peeps RichFace
Premium is not working consistently.  Looks nice, great concept, but it's not reliable.
phone' battery doesnt update.. automatically .. can u solve this.. I have a zenwatch 3
I have just purchased the premium version for my Huawei smartwatch 2. The small icons do not appear at all even if I can have access to them. But I have to guess what are those. Help please!
Only worked 1 time after I brought the full version. Apps on watch face do not respond
Horrible.   Does not work.  Can't get a response from seller
So far I've had great luck with this app. It puts everything I need right where I need it for maximum access and convenience.  Everything seems to work.   Great job!
I have a gear sport and it won't work on it.  Super frustrating.  Please refund my money.
This is the ONLY watch face I use on my Moto. It's simple and perfect and the widgets are not as small and hard to touch as most other watch faces.
This app suck can't fit to Google. Rubbish ! ! !
Bought premium and nothing works. Rip off.
I cant install it on my watch. Im piese off smh Suckssss
This app not working at all I paid 1euro 59 cent
Buggy. Google fit data does not update
Watch works well after I found the lock/unlock icon
Couldn't connect to watch
Michael 53@hotmail.
Also compatible with Asus Zenwatch 3.
Nice  app
Love the designs
Its good ...
I really like this face on my LG Urbane. It looks nice, it's functional and it seems to have less impact on my battery life and watch responsiveness than any other watch face I've tried.  My only issues are, I can't seem to disable the background design in Pro. I just want it to have a black background. And I'd love the ability to have an AMOLED friendly full ambient mode (ie all black background and maybe no color in the shortcut icons).  Other than that I love this one.
This application does not works on LG Urbane watch. I would like to have my money back.
The below 4 apps does not apper on my Michel cros, i have tried unlocking the premium twice and it did not work for me.  Not keen on refu d but a proper solution is much appreciated   Cheers   Surya
I reallly like the look and use of this face but it kills my battery.  Settings are the same as other watch faces but battery drains 3 times faster.  Can't make it through the day with my Huawei 1.  I hope a future update fixes this.
Uninstalled within minutes. I want my money back for the premium which did not work properly.
The phone battery indicator stays at 0% regardless of battery charge. Weather should be customisable to use Google weather.
can't not figure out how to load to my watch.  should be a big load button somewhere
Buggy when you change apps in menu, needs a fix.
How do you get it in gear S2?
Too much stuff. No option to turn off all of the cruft.
I've been using this watchface on my Moto 360 and I have to say I really like it. The overall design and transitions are very nice, but I've noticed a couple aren't entirely smooth. For example, the gradient towards the 'flat-tire' at the bottom of the 360 sometimes takes about a second to appear, and as nice as it looks when it does finally make it, I'd rather just not have it there if it means a janky animation. The switch back to ambient display is also not that smooth as the clock jumps down, but that's not too big of an issue for me as I don't use that mode.   Currently, the one thing preventing me from using this as my primary watch face is the battery drain issue - not sure what this is caused by, but if it is fixed I will be able to wholeheartedly recommend this face.  Edit: Practically all of my issues with this watchface have been fixed, increased to 5 stars.
I'm in love with this watch face. Very well executed. However, I'm experiencing a ton of battery drain on my 360 while using this one. Hopefully it can get fixed... I want to use it again!
It's a great watch face, but use outlines in idle mode instead of filled shapes because sometimes I can see it start to burn in.
I really love how it looks, but it doesn't have the best contrast between numbers and background. I can't see the hour at a glance.
Would like it if the watch face didn't slow down my watch. Sometimes it takes 3 seconds for the screen to come on when I touch it. It's cool, but could use some more features too.
Love the Google font on this watch face and the nice material animation as it becomes active! Thanks for making it, great work! Maybe just a couple of additional options for weather or battery could be added.
Sometimes I look at my watch now just see the little animation from black/white to color.
One request though. Will you add more colors in the near future? I'd love to be able to pick from all Material Design primary colors.
I think to make it great would be adding custom colors or wallpaper support. It would add variety to it. Other than that it looks nice. Good job
This is great! I love the little animation when the screen turns on! Great job!
One of the best designed watchface out there! It's free and the developer responded to the battery bug quickly.
I really like this but if you can add the date and weather, tht would be great.
It's a great watch face, but can you  add an option to show the date?
This is really cool. Truly showcases material design and the animations look fantastic. Well done!
It's good and the animations are amazing, but I would like a battery percentage.
Been using it for over a year now, never tire of it
It does exactly what it says it does! The material design looks amazing.
Absolutely ❤ it. One of my favorite watch faces. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ watch face❕
Hogged Battery
Deserves an award!
Nice but...
Amazing
Great
Find myself staring at the face watching the animations. Love the material design!
Add a date option and it's 5 stars.   Thanks.
Great implemented material design and smooth animations.
This watchface is really cool.
Wow
Killed 70% of Moto 360 battery in under 3hours
Whoo! 🙌
Used to really love this watch face. But it looks like it no longer supports Android Wear versions below 2 so I can't use it anymore.
I don't know if it's a regional thing, or not, but where I live, we wouldn't say "twenty-five past five." We'd say, "five twenty-five." It would be nice to have an option to word it that way.
It does not show up on my android watch, Moto 2nd gen. I checked both watch apps and Android wear app on phone. Only shows up on the phone.
Doesn't show up in Android Wear
Another watch face purchased, another one that won't show up on my watch or in the Android wear app.
The default faces already look really nice, but a tad more customization would make this app reach five stars. My wishlist (in ascending order): hybrid fuzziness, i.e. text in five minute intervals with four small dots for accuracy by the minute like in Qlocktwo; more fonts; a color slider for each element of the face; a donation button.
...'odd' in that some of the black designs are actually brighter in ambient mode! Leastways, they are on OLED watches like the Huawei Watch. I'd love the ability to choose my own background and text colour. Still, fuzziness to one or five minutes is a nice touch, as is the date, which is missing from the other fuzzy text faces. Recommended after all. 😛
Simple with a few amazing looks. Also improved my battery consumption a lot! Got around 40% more battery life compared to my previous watch face app.
I love the clock style and the colors but an option to put your own images with transparent-ish clock hands or clock hands that adjust to the main colors in the picture would be awesome.
Great design. Would be 5* if I could choose my own colours etc.
exactly what I was looking for! fuzzy clocks are the best! thanks, dev!
Simply Perfect Great idea for a smartwatch. Unique and beautiful.
Exactly what I needed
Looked at the permissions before buying it just to check they aren't outlandish and there is none. You've restored my faith in humanity. 5 stars for you... Update: using it as my watch face, battery life is very good and it looks really nice.
This does not work for samsung gear live. Can't change colors!        Edit..I have tried changing colors by both, watch and the app itself. I've tried every way. Gives me options to change, but it remains on default watch face.  My android wear app shows updated.
Don't know how to use it or is just not compatible with my Sony sw2..any help???
Quite like this
Beautiful.
Since my last favorite watch face inexplicably disappeared, I've been looking everywhere for a worthwhile replacement. This is most definitely it! Love the simple look and efficient method of quickly seeing the time
I like the idea but the French translation is terrible. Please contact me and I'll help you fix it.
The idea is simple and great for people who simply can't understand clock pointers. The portuguese translation got better since the developer is open to talk to it's users.
Very elegant and stylish. Love the Norwegian :)
Exquisite
Love the simplistic design of this watch! If you'd like, I could provide you with Norwegian translations as well, even though I prefer using the English ones myself. If you would provide me a list of the phrases that are used, I'd be happy to translate them.
This is an awesome app with beautiful timefaces that look so much better than the pre-installed choices you're given. You have a lot of designs and colors to choose from, and if you can't choose like me, there's also an option to have it change randomly every hour. When you put the widget on your screen it's 2x2, which is a little too big for me and I wasn't too thrilled with, but after messing around with it for a little bit, I figured out you can hold down to change the size, which is a great feature. 99 cents well spent!
Very perfect. A couple of days ago when I saw one of my colleagues changed his Android watch timeface, I realized at the first time that everyone's watch can be unique with the help of so many apps. So I started to try all of the timeface apps in the play store, and this one is the best. Great job developers.
Good app! I like this app because it is very beautiful, very nice and convenient. Stable operation. The interface is pretty simple and easy to use. There are apps I regularly active in time in their work . There are many colors to choose me. I am very happy to have it.
Beautiful but would rather have the option to hide the launcher icon on the phone. There's absolutely no need for a watchface to clutter my app list.
Well with the new update of the app, the watchface magically appeared on my zenwatch, and it looks great!
Great to have the text also in dutch language. One of the better wear apps available.
Have it on my Wear  and Samsung phone and it I like the way it tells time :-)
This has become my favorite wear app.
Is it possible to add Bahasa Indonesia?
Nice clean looking font
Simple and extremely attractive.  I cant believe it's so cheap i want to buy like 10 of them lol. Download once and fall in love with it forever.
Get awesome watch faces by having this app! Huge community of people uploading watch faces but, this one is so far my top app on Google play. More than affordable and awesome customization available.  If you got android wear this is a must have app. Genuine quality and superb features. Love it!!
Very good looking watch face, could do with the option to add "minuets to" and "minutes past" to times. Also battery indicator would be nice. Those are all that stops the 5 star rating.
I'd prefer it to be fuzzier.  It should have a fuzziness setting.
This app really freshens up the standard smartwatch feel and the text-based time representation has a modern look to it. There are plenty of designs to suit your style as well. Great idea!
Been rocking it ever since I have downloaded this beautiful app. Extremely light and takes little to none    battery power. So under charged.
Got all excited when the update came out. I thought it was finally getting customizations! Still a great face though! And maybe a different ambient mode! This is still one of my favorites though, and I think it shows the potential of a smart watch screen vs. a regular watch.
Great looking watch face that is easy to read and matches many outfit styles. I have yet to run into any problems with this watch face! Can't wait for customization to come out soon!
I didn't buy a smart-watch to have it imitate a conventional watch, and this nails it. More features would be nice but I'm not sure how that could be done without detracting from the overall esthetic.
Good watchface with exemplary permissions (none) and nice clean design, but no weather info, can't disable ambient mode or make it look like normal, can't hide peek cards in ambient mode, can't vibrate hourly, and poor support ("customizations" have been "coming soon" for 1+ years...).
Has potential but it appears the developer has abandoned this app. Brilliant design and a shame they gave up on it. Only thing I'd like to see is a day /date and would gladly pay for this app. Shame is abandonware
Nice looking app but it looks like it doesn't have a sleep mode or it is not working on my Fossil Q Founder. I see the watch face dim for a few hundred milliseconds then go back to the same image. There doesn't seem to be a low power mode like all other watch faces I've used. Is this expected behavior? I'm concerned using this face will hurt my battery life but I haven't been using the watch face long enough to know... Thank you
I really love the way this watchface actually leaves the confines of a physical watch. If complications were added I would have no problem paying a couple of Euro's for it.
The design is very attractive in ambient mode and the revolved view around the clock is surprisingly quick to read. It shows where on the clock you are, which gives you an immediate impression of the time of day even without reading the number of the hour.
This is a beautiful watch face but I don't know how the hell to read it, it just shows the hour with a massive red line going through the center of the display. Pretty, but not very practical
Does what's its supposed to, and easy to read. Very simple and unique. Hopefully the customizations come soon, such as displaying basic weather info or battery info as there's so much unused space where a symbol and number wouldn't clutter the design but still add functionality. Last update was over 6 months ago though...
Can't wait for customization.  The red line is hard to see on dimmed screen.  Would like to change to white or grey when dimmed.
Still my favorite watchface but not a one update? I would like something added or changed. Customizations?
This leaves a nice little pref stub in your app drawer for no reason.
Best looking watchface for the Zenwatch imho. Thanks for fixing the issues before!
Love that and would love to see steps on it, but not sure if that wouldn't ruin the whole aesthetics. Release paid version and I'll buy it.
My favourite watch face! just wish the red line in ambient mode could be made white and thicker to improve readability outdoors.
This watchface is fantastic. Simple, elegant, and something probably not possible in a real watch. And it's free!!
Watched fixed and looks great! Good response from dev. Small suggestion, I would like to see a small red date/temp in line with the red line perhaps close to the edge to the center of the watch face. Maybe optional in the settings screen.
Excellent watch face. Great minimalist design. Looks nice on LG G Watch (square). 4/5 because of app drawer entry. Settings for watch faces can be enabled and accessed via the Android Wear app (Spotlight does not)! Remove the app drawer settings app and it's a 5/5!
Love the simplicity of this watch face though it is difficult to read at a glance in full sunlight.
Love the watch face, this kind of unique take is the sort of thing I wish more designers would do.
Replica watch faces are very nice to have, but once and awhile you want something unique. This is a cool watch face. Wish there was a way to customize with date, weather, etc. Maybe it's coming?
This is by far one of the best looking watch faces!  I know it's been asked a lot already, but little more 'smart' (date, steps, battery) would be perfect.
This is my full time watch face on my 360. Make a pro version with a few options and I'll buy it. Hell, just a few color options is enough just so I can show some support.
Like it, but seems abandoned. Settings app with no function
Very fresh concept. I only hope one day the creator will allow us to customize it a bit more by choosing background and highlight color.
Could do with a few customisation options at some point but, since I have downloaded it, this has been my watch face of choice for a fortnight.
My favorite watchface. Could not do it better myself.
The best part of having SmartWatch is having Face that couldn't exist in reality, and this is a beautiful example of that. Fav
I see a lot of people wishing it had date or weather. Meh. I have a phone for that. When I want a simple and clean face to just tell the time, this is my go to.
Great watch face, loving the unusual abstract design. Please add the ability to customize the colors. And also the tick marks inbetween the numbers.
This display should be considered a contender for representation in the MOMA. Live with it a few days and you'll understand.
Loving this on my LG G Watch. Hopefully those customizations come soon!
From now on this is my default watch face. This adds lots of style to my G Watch R. Thank you Dev.
Customizations are coming soon. Regardless, it's still an interesting watch face that takes advantage of a smart watch face.
***Update2*** time is fixed!!!!
Please add calendar entries and a 24 hour watch face that is zoomable with a click.
But he said that customization is coming soon but it's been over a year since the last update
I love this watch face, but would really like to see a military time option added.
Saw this on Reddit and really love it.  I just wish there was a date on it!
The face doesn't show up as an option to set on my moto 360. I've factory reset, uninstalled and reinstalled, no dice. Very frustrating.
I'm a big fan of this watch face on my Moto 360.  The phone app offers a good amount of customization, allowing you to turn down or off the 3D effects, alter the graininess and frequency of static and do a few other things.    My only complaint is that, like a lot of heavily animated watch faces, it seems to be a real battery vampire, even with the 3D effects turned off.
This app is a wast of money it will not change faces or colors
Clear and simple.
Great
Looks great. Love the color choices in Black and White mode. Only thing that bothers me is that the cards that pop up take a very long time to disappear before going to dimmed mode. It needs to be a shorter amount of time.
the ambient is nice but you cant see the gears as the screen is too dark and the gears do not stand out.
Has lots of potential but needs a serious update looks great but way to dark and no customization options
How have the makers of this not created an update even after so many people have complained that it's too dark?!    This has a beautiful design minus how dark it is.   Has 5 star potential but only deserves 3 stars till they fix the brightness.   Too bad really, I want to love this.
Looks good on picture. Very hard to see in daylight, no customization options. Not worth it, it feels like a beta version or something...
Needs to be brighter so you can see the awesome animations
Sony smartwatch 3
Looks great, but very dark even at max brightness.  Time is easily read due to the lighter grey on the hands, but the beautiful detail and animation all but wash out.  Looks fantastic at night or in a dark environment.
Watch is great. Looks amazing but so dark you can't see it. I wish you could change the color of the gears to brighten it up.
This watch is the beez neez....haha.
The animation is really impressive though the shadows/lighting on the gears visibly resets on the minute every minute. Would keep this but doesn't fit the Silver 360 very well.
Fuzzy, arms off center. Garbage.
Looks awesome on G Watch R!
Amazing but would like if it had a longer standby time centre going into ambient mode
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Its way too dark for it to be useful
Should have been more bright
Watch shop showed this as use for LG G watch r.  Bottom is missing for the Motorola flat tyre.  Removing app now  =(
Love this watchface- would be nice to be able to make the hour and min hands a little less beefy- their size relative to the dail makes them look a bit toony.
Actually a kewl looking watch face for my moto360! Glad I decided to purchase this one.
Ate 50% battery in 4 hours
Nice watch face but everytime i use it my battery dies in a couple hours
I love this whole concept but need be able to customize - hand colors, what appears where AND search images on Google for "top ten moto 360 watch faces". Where are these?! I love +2342 ...developers think beyond the mechanical limitations that a few engineers bound us to during the dark ages.
I loved the look of the watch face. Adding other color options for the full face would be nice but the biggest problem is I got a third of my normal battery life as compared to the stock faces
The temperature display simply does not work.  Doesn't work in F or C.  Until it's fixed, don't get this!  If it's ever fixed, that is.
Love the watch face, but the temperature shows 552° and its 72° Fahrenheit. Is there a fix for this?
Nice face. Can I change the colour of the second hand from red? I can't see this option.
Doesn't show sunset/sunrise/weather info in huawei watch
This face looks outstanding but needs to hold latest info when the watch disconnects from the phone. Still pretty awesome
I really like the design, however the weather information dissapears when not connected to rhe phone. Other watchfaces with such functionality still display the information, however it is not updated. Probably this is also the reason behind the higher battery drain. Please consider changing it.
I purchased watch face and went to install it and it didn't downloaded to my phone. It said installed but its not on my phone. What a rip off. BTW, it took my money and I can not uninstall it since its not there.
Needs to improve battery drain
Works great
If you're not connected to phone you lose weather and sunrise data and have all these blank spots. Have it store the last known info. Text on bottom looks cutoff/squished on lgr. Fixed this will be my main face. Also want interactive screens from this designer.
Latest update killed dual timezones
Only shows the time and date everything else is blank I have great moto 360
Like it a lot. Wish you could control hand colors in non ambient mode.
V12 has all the info guys need to stay productive. The face runs smooth and battery consumption is more than satisfactory.
Watch urbane
Been my #1 daily driver since I installed it.  Just perfect.
Awesome watch face! I'm getting a crash when changing ambient color. Just sent you a crash report... Which was fixed within a day. Thanks!
I just realized I purchased the V12 face for AW when I should have purchased the V12 face for the Moto 360. Is it possible to refund the one and download the other? Thank you.
It is currently showing the wind speed at my location to be 132mph and that is definitely not the case
Not good only have one face watch  is tramp
Finally installed.
Didn't like. Not for me. Never used it, didn't look great in my lg urbane. Complicated setup. Uninstalled after trying. Wish I could get a refund... ;(
Bought it because the website said it was compatible with my watch. This is the only face that does NOT work.
It's OK, but there's a few problems. Digital time won't change in ambient mode and time changes make the watch face go off centre until I put the watch out of ambient mode. Not quite good enough for me but others might be able to look past these small issues.
It says  android wear but it didn't work It showed up all glitchy and weird but if it worked I would probably like it but until then 3 stars
This guy is a genius! I hope you can make one for The Machine aswell! That would be insane. Keep up the good work. Hopefully in next update we can run it under lockscreen aswell
I'm loving the wall paper but as previous comments mentioned would be awesome to input your own lines and the line goes through the time on my moto 360. Fix those and it'll be 5 starts...
Dont stop support because this is awsome wallpaper.  Just if you can make smartwatch face with words and clock pls :)
Huge huge fan of the show. Absolutely love this app. I wish I could set it as my lock screen though. Would love for someone to try and use my phone only to see 's are being watched' appear. The look on their face would be amazing
Could be much cooler with built in search functionality. Wonder if it would be possible to integrate with google to perform phone tasks. Just like using S voice on samsung, but without the voice, just the text.
This is very cool. I'm a huge fan of the show so this just made my day.  Looking forward to more updates though...is it possible to get a clock for the phone itself w/out the Android wear?  Something that we could use say for an alarm clock?
This app is really brilliant and awesome. But I'd prefer if we can add our own lines to display. Other than that no problems.
Not a lot of changes will needed to put in our own text in the display... All other things are fine..
Definitely the app for fans,This  live wallpaper is great and doesn't slow my phone down like other apps. Would be great if the developer would add in the ability to make custom messages or make it be able to show the time on the phone version! (I don't have this app for a watch. However it will definitely be the first app I will download)
I love POI stuff, and finally you came along and did this. Just 2 requests.....settings for font size and custom commands. Keep up the good work.
can u make more new text to pop up and  CAN u make a good version perhaps a "machine" version  right now im watching this perfect show i need to catch up with agian
Awesome, I wish a UI would be made for The Machine. Otherwise great!
I loved this so much! You're a genius and it'd be better if you turn this one to a theme. Thank you for sharing this with us! ♥
I'm a huge fan of Samaritan and decima and this is awesome could be better if we are able to add our own text still 5 stars
I hope there will be The Machine UI and point of view developed
YOU can change the text all you need is root and a root file explorer. Edit the apps files to your custom message to display then reboot your device
This is absolutely awesome. But i just wish we could write the lines we wanted. That would be very good. Besides from that its an incredible app.
Nice live wallpaper, Expecting that there will be more new things added at the app.
It jusr says what are commands ...thats not cool   it would be awesomme if yuou could speak with it
Please make more animations like sliding of survalance videos!
It's a great app . would love it if you could make one on ' The machine' too!
The only way it  could get better is user text input
Really like this live wallpaper. Is there anyway to edit custom phase? That would be cool.
Love this app! Exactly like the series, I would love "The Machine" app also...
Love it!!! You have to make one of the machine, would really appreciate it. Thanks for this one tho.
So brilliant but please make it can show time :)
AWESOME! However I would like it more if it had AI and UI.
If only it was really.
AI and AI all the way!:D
Its OK but all it says is "what are your camneds?"
Im doing a chattbot would you mind if i took this interface?
Awesome but please add more features...
I liked it It can be better with google voice support
Would like it to work as a lock screen.  Would like integration with Google voice search and response.
This one is cool but we need a team machine one now to!
Almost realistic to the Actual one, Loved it. Good work.
Now... I control Samaritan
Enough said
rad app. highly recommended for fans of the show.
Great.  A whole theme for this would be so sweet.
The reviews sum it up. Glad I tried the free version first before spending the cash. Crashes on start up, zero functionality. Based on your web site folks you need to step up your game. Negative reviews are bad for business
GPS INOP error... unusable...
I love the layout but I can't make any of the customizations as advertised on the Moto 360 Sport. An update or above would be helpful. The change face button in settings doesn't work.
Excellent, lots of information plus easy to read. Still the best newer version even better
Excellent!
Great watch face!   I use it on Moto 360 Gen 2 and looks awesome!   Would be nice to have different colours instead of just green.
Weather Watch
I was getting a full day and still have 30-40% left. Now I have recharge about noon and it's down to 30% when I go to bed.
I like this watch face, but I barely make it through my work day (10 hrs) as soon I get home have to charge it. With other watch faces I have had up to 25 hrs on a charge. Might have to switch back. Moto 360
I have enjoyed this free watch face on my Moto 360 more then any other so far. The layout is simple to read and contains all the information that is important and accurate for a smart watch that you could want on a face.
I wish we can change the LED color like with the A41 watch face. I like green but I'd prefer to have red, blue, etc. sometimes.
This watch face is my favorite because it's so easy to read, has just the right amount of information, and it lets you adjust the amount of time the screen stays lit before it dims. I would give it 6 stars if I could!!!
Nice app but needs more time when viewing.  10 seconds is not enough time.  15 to 20 seconds would be nice.
The word "wind" is cut off please fix moto 360
I'd give 5 star if the month portion of the date wasn't touching the line on the watch face.  Must disagree about the battery, it doesn't drain mine any faster than any other watch face does.
Battery life has been improved since the April 2015 update. Now it goes about 9 hours on my Moto 360
all watchfaces by this dev drains battery.  i have another WF just as good but lasts over 20 hours
Since my M360 updated to wear 5.0 I doesn't seem to want to work. I keep getting a "Unfortunately, F01 for Moto 360 has stopped" message. Hopefully this face gets an update soon.  EDIT: thank you for the quick response! The update has fixed the issue. It's an awesome watch face.
When I first installed this face it took my battery from 12 hours to 6 so I uninstalled it. But following some adjustments to some settings on the watch I improved my battery life to 2.5 days using a stock face Yes 2.5 days!But that face was minimal just time and notifications I tried another 3rd part face just had time weather watch and phone battery. That lasted about 30 hours. I decided to give this one another go it now lasts 20 hours. All tests were done with ambient mode off and casual use.
Love the face,  new update on weather interval gives dramatically better performance. What is the "interval of time required..."  option?  Can not see the full text - what setting do you recommend and what does it do?  Soon 5 stars!
Watchface uses too much battery. Get it down to 5% and I'm in. And how about adding an actually black and white color scheme to "Black and white" mode?
Just kills the battery. All this devs faces do. I would rate 0 stars if I could
Uses slightly more than a stock face but has tonnes more info. I easily get a full 16+ hours out of my 360. I may purchase a few more if the backlight color was customizable.
I really like the watch face. However, the battery consumption is massive. It needs more than twice of the power as the standard minimal face of Motorola. By logging the Bluetooth connection you see that it connects very frequently to the phone. Perhaps the time interval of reading the phones battery is to short? Can you make this customizable in the settings? BTW, using it in dimmed mode, always bw with withe color and minimal display on time. It uses something of 6percent per hour at night without display
Installed but doesn't work...not user friendly... Waste of money
I bought the app because I liked one of the displays, but could not figure it our. Fired an email to the developer and within hours got the response I needed. Nice looking display with the relevant information!
All of this dev's green watch faces are very useful ones with this one and F03 being my favorites. I have many other faces that I will switch to throughout the day but these are by far the most practical and useful while maintaining style. However, keep in mind that with more information at a glance means more battery power on addition to the brighter colors on the screen. If I'm not doing anything I will switch to a darker face.
5 hrs off the charger and its down to 36%. Not using it that much. Default faces lasted me all day. 8 am, on the charger at 9 PM it was a little less than 30%.
Beautiful watch face, but it destroyed my 360's battery.  Edit: Reinstalled now that the 360 got the 5.0 update. Still ripping on the battery too much.
I have the newest face, downloaded a Monday(afternoon). I have already noticed a big increase in battery consumption(Running Moto 360). I ran a test for you based off of your face VS the stock military dial Moto face.  -Ran the stock Moto military dial face from 0620 to 2200. I was at 33% battery life at 1000(Ambient mode off) -Ran your watch face from 0620 and by 0957 I was at 33%(Ambient mode off)  Now something I have noticed with your watch face installed is that my screen does not shut off like it should and seems to run all the time. I do not use ambient mode, so if this face is meant to run in that mode, then this review may mean nothing to you.   If ambient mode is not a factor then there is something going on when it comes to the screen being on. It does not turn off in the same manor when I am running the stock moto military dial. Every time I glance at the watch after an alert has come through the screen stays on until I hit the button on the side of the watch. With the stock face I cannot glance at my watch and I really have to make an effort to look at the watch to get the screen to come on even after an alert has come through. This saves on battery life big time
Downloaded and installed on Oct 22 on a Moto 360 I purchased on Oct 20. Latest FW as of this date. This face used battery life at twice the rate of one of the built-in faces. Too bad because I really like this face.
This app is a great layout with all the information you want. However, it will kill the battery within 4 hours.
I really liked this watch face, as it has all the relevant information I would want (phone / watch power, weather).  However, not sure where it is getting its temperature readings as they are listed about 10% cooler than the actual temperature.  10/19/2014 I don't know what you did but you amazingly improved the battery life and now I can move away from the stock MOTO watch faces.   I hope you can do more but you made a huge difference in the screen time on the wear.  Great job.
This one has a great layout and info but I still think it has a battery drain issue.
Excellent watchface,  one of best.  Couple suggestions;  Needs weather refresh interval setting. Color modes for Black and white draw is too dimmed.
I like the layout and so for it is working great on the 360... Would like to see an option in the setting on the amount of time it take to go back into ambient mode. seems to be set to long. Thanks!
Displays all the information I want in a really nice design.
battery life is much better after the update!! keep up the good work!!
Awesome watch face that is very customizable.
Major improvement to battery life.
Love it!
This is the best looking digital face I've found for my Moto 360. I usually change it to "dimmed mode" so it appears black and white. One thing on the negative side though: the battery drains MUCH faster with this face. Also one of the settings reads: "Interval of time for getting d..." Is that data? Increasing/decreasing the time doesn't seem to reduce the battery drain.----------------installed again, battery drain appears the same. DEVELOPER: what are the recommended settings for the least battery drain?
After tapping watch to wake up the planets animate into their positions. Cool effect, but by the time the animation finishes, the screen has already dimmed again! Needs option to speed up/disable animation or, preferably, stay active for about 5x longer.
Worked at first but now the app doesn't show up anywhere on my phone besides in the settings to uninstall. Tried reinstalling but didn't work. App doesn't open. No error message or anything. On my Samsung Galaxy 5
I love this watch face. Has been my default for a couple weeks now. I have the LG G watch R and haven't noticed significant battery draining. I found out how turn off the animation when the watch wakes up through the wear app on my phone (A gear icon appears over the watch face).  Great job!
But I have to edit this. Last night my g watch got drained 50 percent in five hours because of this watch face that is not good so temporary switching to something else.... I hope it updates soon
Disabling the animations is an absolute must to save battery, but once that's done its a really cool watch face. I never noticed, but the planets and moons are in their real positions. You can see where our moon is too
Really cool! Animations are neat! One request, add the option to have the date and put the date somewhere in the middle because too many watch faces are dumb and have the date at the bottom of the screen which gets covered up by notifications
My new favorite watch face! While it does drain the battery I can still get through a day before needing to charge it. Definitely worth it for the beautifully simplistic design and it shows actual planet positions!
Really like this watch face. I do wonder though if the animation causes an excessive drain on the battery as I cannot make it a full day without charging my watch, whereas my coworker who also has a moto360 has no issue (different watch face).   I will experiment with the animation turned off and see if that improves the battery life.  Update: I have tried using the watch face with animations turned off but I still found that my battery was draining quickly. For comparison, I put on my watch at 7:30am with the planet watch face, animations off, and by 9:30am I was at around 82% charge. With the standard watch face, I took my watch off the charger around 7:45am and at 9:15am I am still at 95%.   This is a fantastic watch face, but the amount of drain on the battery makes using it impractical.
This watch face is quite nice, but like everyone said, the animation takes too long. Also, can you try improving the fps when a watch first wakes up? It's laggy at first
The execution is strange, though.  Every time I look at my wrist it spins the planet's to their stopping place.  It should either have a slow steady orbit so the planets always move or have them fixed to whatever pattern represents the time (I'd prefer the former).  The 0-now transition ruins it for me.
Like a few other users, I turned off the animation so that it didn't waste time spinning every time the face turned on. However, after a few weeks I noticed this prevented the planets from changing place at all!!! It would be nice if you could turn off the lengthy animation AND still have the positions update regularly.
It's a great watch face, very clean and pretty, especially when you turn off the animation. However, it has been crashing quite often... I'm not sure but i think it has to do with the animation of the plants. When it crashes and I reboot it, the planets animate even though I turned that feature off.
Nice looking watch face but can't download directly from watch, have to transfer over from phone (fossil q founder running android wear 2.0). No option to disable animation unfortunately which is annoying since it's quite long
Animation looks great, but the watch display switches off right after it completes, so it's a slightly useless watch face. Shame, because it would have been my face of choice.
I guess this is the cutest watchface.. I really like the small details like moon by earth and comet as a second hand.. Unfortunately, it really drains battery faster.. Minus? I really miss pluto!!! Back in my days, pluto was still a planet... :) anyway you can add the date? In a fancy galaxy font? In one of the paths?
It's nice but the animation is way way way to long. You turn the screen on and it animates for like 10 seconds and by then the screen has turned off and you have to turn it back on. But for some reason it starts over.
Thank you so much for adding the option to remove animations!! This is now one of my favourite watch faces of all time - very minimalist but really stylish, especially on a round watch (I'm on a moto 360-2).   If you could add options to change the colours of the planets, and to remove/alter the second hand comet, that would be amazing. Also - very nit picky, but I'd love the sun to be a yellow ball in dimmed mode. Well done guys!
Great concept but the frame rate gets destroyed since the planets have to swirl around to refresh every time you wake the watch up. Pretty to look at but wasteful in resources
I like it. I'll wear it from time to time, but I wish the spinning animation was smoother on my G Watch. It's smooth 25% of the time or so, otherwise its choppy.
Love the design.. Animation of moving planets could be sped up. Only reason this isn't a five star rating is because it drains battery
And thanks for the quick reply from the developer explaining that you can turn off animations from the settings menu through the Android Wear program.
This is a very good I love it only one problem... It absolutely destroys the batteries more than other watch faces
This face absolutely wrecks battery life. I don't mean like a little bit, I mean utterly destroys. I went from two days plus battery life down to roughly 6 hours.
I updated my Android wear but this watchface is available nowhere. I can only install and uninstall.
Watch faces like this are why I wanted a Wear device.  It's simple and elegant, but with a ponderous feature that appeals to the science minded as well as the casual dreamer.
The idea and looks of this face is really cool, but the animation on startup takes way too long. I would like it more if that animation was turned off
I really like the watch face simple and clean,  animations can be a little sluggish at times but they can be disabled. . Really love this one
I've been using this face for a few months now. It's been great to me. While the battery life has been a little shorter than usual, it looks fantastic and I can still make it through the day on one charge
Lovely and simple watch face.  Really pleased it isn't just an animation of the planets circling around the centre, but is updated in real time.  Only one downside, there is no Pluto...   Also, a suggested improvement, other than adding Pluto (obviously), would be to format the edges to better suit square watch faces e.g.. moving the outer border line, and time markers.
This looks cool as hell and I love getting complimented on it. I do miss some of the other features from the other faces I use, e.g. battery indicator (it'd be cool if you used the sun for this!) and adjusting the time it takes to dim so I can fully appreciate the animation. Overall, it looks awesome and it's free, so I can't really complain.
Starts a new animation each time you bring the screen on, animation is nice and smooth, and the clock hands are clear and easy to see. I love how the seconds timer spins round the outside of the watch screen, looks cool on the 360 due to the bevelled glass.
the app installed but there's no option to open it.  it is not found in my watch faces, and I just read it's because android wear 5.0 update didn't get to me yet :'(  will re review once I get the update.
Its awesome. Animation is too long but its cool... The battery runs out quickly though..
Will the planets still rotate but they will not do the big rotation when the screen lights up?
Simple and amazing to look at all the planets in our solar system. Only thing that would compliment the watch face would be the ability to add the date on screen.
Made the watch go dead after a couple hours after installing it..
I like this watch face but it keeps crashing on my lg g watch r.
Astronomy enthusiasts will get a kick out of it. Well designed!
Hands down the best watch face, no ridiculous logo like most paid watch faces and lovely lightweight animations! Would happily pay £2.99 for this.
By far the only watch face I use, and I'm usually a digital clock face guy. Love the animations, haven't noticed a hit on battery.
Look very nice
I'm so happy this watchface is free to download! Awesome!
I like this type of watchface
Best!
Highly recommended
Awesome app!
Simple & elegant
Simple and nice
Nice
Funny... If you're looking for exact time go elsewhere, the description sets up the appropriate expectation. I love the watch face and it's comic feel
I have synced, uninstalled, installed, resynced. It will not show up on my moto360. I cant refund in so basically a waste of money
Would rather have app settings on phone.
Love it.  Lots of options for customization. Works great!
Love it,wow really cool.
It was different. :)
Sweet
It's great to see some genuine creativity in wafch faces. Additional art choices for bravo guys would get you five stars.
Beautiful watch face, but I sometimes need the precise time and find myself having to switch away from it.
Watch faces look great.
Rebooted, resynced, refunded. Well,  refund attempted, but uninstall failed. Face doesn't appear to exist anywhere, either on my moto 360, or on my phone. All on the requisite software or later. Shame, it looks like it should be a great watchface.
I really like this watch face - it's a great concept. Just one request - can you please add an option to turn the battery indicator off? It detracts from the overall effect.
Now I like it a lot.  However the settings on the phone are a bit cumbersome to get to.
Moto 360 on 5.0.1, synced android wear and restarted, still not showing up to apply as face. Shame, I'm super pumped to use this. Won't refund, I'll wait for an update
Very nice effect. I'm very much looking forward to the other items on the request list though: being able to cycle the faces and disable the battery indicator. Then it'd be perfect.
Hard to find the app, only after a while I realised it was in the android wear app itself
Is it possible to make the watch faces change (cycle through all faces) like every hour or day?
There is no option to change the watch face in the android wear app. One star until this is fixed
How do you change/access the settings?
Awesome stands out,  would love more choices though.
I like it a lot
Who wants to know the exact time anyway
So cool faces!
My favourite watch face.
Maybe make it so the cards don't cover everything
Great support from this developer after I reported a small issue! Also a very nice watchface.
Perfect must have
I'm so confused, where's the settings? It's only white, how do i get to the screenshot shown here?
Love this wallpaper!
For some reason within a central square (Tuesday of left month through Thursday of right-hand month in first two rows of dates) the digits are dimmer than those outside the square. This affects both ambient mode and bright mode. (ASUS Zenwatch 2).
I like the look. However, I had to stop using it because the always on feature doesn't seem to work on the Sony Smartwatch 3.
I really enjoy this watch face, simple,  clean and ready to read. It would get a 5 from me if it could 1. Have an option to be black and white while resting, and coloured when active. 2. There was an option to only show one calendar. 3. It synced somehow with my agenda to display important days. 4. Cards displayed neater without so much overlap.
Great correspondence with the developer!!
Can't change color as promised
Takes too long to draw and refresh.  Must improve performance
Nice Design and great layout but won't auto update when I switch time zones .  You have to resync the watch
Your faces are some of the best out there but weather info on all of them is completely inaccurate
I love this app
Arguably one of the best watch faces for the Moto 360. However, the battery drain while using it makes it practically useless unless you plan to bring a charger and charge twice every day.
I love this watch face, but the older version 8 the battery like crazy. They've had an update, and it is normal battery usage now.
I absolutely love the look of this watchface. In Magenta or Yellow, Lime.. it always looks great. Unfortunately battery life is literally half of what I get with any other watchface.
I love all the info on this watch face and it looks great too!  Seems to drain the battery quicker than other watch faces or maybe its because I just can't stop looking at it. No current temp displayed.
Nice design. However, it would be helpful to see the current temperature and the seconds when in Black-and-White mode. Seconds only display when in the Default mode (green background). Overall, I love all the data on the screen.
Sunrise and sunset timings are not accurate for manually set location
It's one of my favorites as it provides a lot of info I want in a very cool UI. I wish it would allow to change colors of the UI through the phone app. Good job!
Battery drianer big time.
Nice watch face overall, but somehow I missed that there is no current temperature. Very important given how much data there is on this face. Brightness controls in the watch face 'fight' with the Moto360 settings, so it can get a bit disco at times. The dark face is pointless, it only flashes randomly. Nice when you see it, but it would be better if you could set it to show at night (to protect your night vision - this is a very bright watch face). Love the data, but the fonts, brightness issues and so on make this a tough keeper.
The black and white mode looks subtle and is probably better used for when I'm at work, in a meeting etc, but it has really jagged edges on fonts and graphics. Is it possible that we can have a colour mode that's exactly the same with the black on green scheme but is white on black??
I am a weather geek so I like all the info on the dial. Would like more color and contrast choices, but still love it.
Can you input an opition to change the text color to white, that may help with super low brightness on the blue and red.
I just wish the blue and red colors were as bright as on A06 face. They seem very dim in this one. Thanks !
Maybe u could also give options to customize the background with other colors instead of making it green only.. Please add orange ... It also froze a couple of times and eats a lot of battery. But I love this watch face.. Hope it gets fixed soon.
Can you change the date format ?
I've noticed some of the fonts, Like the battery percentage and the forecast temperature, get squished together. especially 88 or 98 degree
Nice retro/LCD design that reminds me of some of the watches from the 80s and 90s.  As others have noted, it is missing the current temperature.  I prefer the black & white mode, but the settings are somewhat convoluted and getting there is a challenge.  Some additional colors for both background in color mode and foreground for B&W mode would be nice.  A red background for low light would be nice to preserve night vision.    I would love to use this face, but when it is installed on my watch, it goes through about 1/4 of the battery every 2-3 hours.  Tweaking the update settings help a little, but not much.  The design and look of this face is 4 star quality, but until the battery drain is improved, I have to give it only 2.
I think the motion of the turbine blades is supposed to be the main feature. This is unavailable without payment.
Love the animation. .!
Makes me dizzy sometimes, lol!
Cool watch face design,  turbine inlet look,  similar to the very expensive perrelet watch design.  Looks great...
very nice app
Love this watchface
Rotation of fan is cool ...
Well thought of. Scared me a little bit lol.
Very nice
Love the way it looks on my Moto 360
Great looking watch face. Love the simple design.  Would be fun to turn off the scary face or change the frequency and/or duration of the face. Nice work on this.
Awesome!
Only criticism is that there's no toggle for the date. As someone with a OLED screen it's a concern that the date area will eventually get burnt in.
After using this for 3 days straight, I noticed that the date does not update unless you swap to another face and come back. New one for me and my moto360!
Date doesn't automatically change to the next day and its annoying.. I had to switch to another face and back..
Really wanted it but date is just too tiny..... look better if it wasn't there or choice to make bigger
GOOD
This is my daily watchface. Looked great on my LG Urbane....and looks even better on my Huewai W1 ....simply the best. I have read the negative comments and have to disagree. In my experience having used the watchface for a few months, the weather works perfectly in London UK; I like simple hands and the peek card sits perfectly under the digital display on my Huewai.  5 stars.
Another crap, lazy watch. Could be good if care went into the hands and instead of telling me the same time twice allowed me to set up the digital myself to a timezone. No problem in LUA. Waste of an opportunity. Money back. Change and I'll pay again.
A watch face that is clean, classy, full featured and has everything I've been looking for! Perfection!  Only hiccup I've found is that when the watch goes out of range of the phone, the icon that pops up displays on top of the day/date. Other than that I love this face!  Good job guys!
The weather never updates so it should have an option to display or not display the weather.  It shows 31 deg and has done so since it was installed. Perhaps the ability to select location may assist.  Rest is good but let down by this
Weather definitely not working, whichever weather source or refresh time you choose. Please fix this, since its one of the main face features. Using on Moto 360 2nd gen
Best watch face out, both anolog and  the digit time displays, watch and battery displays, smooth, sleek design.                                                      Only downfall is the phone battery percentage goes out of sync now and then.  Running a Huawei watch, other then that great all round and best designed watch face.
All in all its a good looking watch face, however it has some flaws, every time the phone switches to ambient or to normal mode, the way home hands run from 12:00 to the relevant time, does it going into ambient as well as normal mode, very irritating. Also I think the lines around the outside of the face should have the option to be hidden, I have a G watch R, it has its own lines, very irritating.
AMAZINGNESS. beautiful face on my Zenwatch 2. My ONLY COMPLAINT is the ambient mode. It's super pixelated displaying the month and date. Super ugly. Wouldn't mind having an option to turn the date off in ambient mode or smoothing it out. Whichever would be easier on your end? Hell if I know, I'm not a dev.
Hai, in My moto 360 2nd Gen the Phone Battery indicator not showing the correct level. Please fixed and you will get My 5 stars.
Just wish the battery indicators were in the center on the left and right side instead of at the bottom. Wish the small peek card didn't block the digital time or move the digital time up a hair so the small peak card does not block the view of the digital time. Also, the date is hard to see and needs to be brighter. It would be greatly appreciated if I can see all the information at one time without having to move something out of the way.
This watch face is really nice when the screen is fully on, however, it looks terrible when it is on ambient mode. It would be good if they gave options to customize that or even if they made it simpler for ambient mode.
Love it especially the amount of information shown in Ambient Mode which a lot of watch faces fall down on. I'd give it 5 stars if you could show steps instead of battery life as an option and the ability to have animation ONLY when the screen turns on rather than it also happening when turning off which is a bit too much.
please make temp and battery percentage bigger. possibly twice the size they are. they are hard to see without glasses. otherwise, very elegant and nice watch face. good work.
I had doubts the watch face might not look as good as it does on the pictures, I got it and it's now my favorite watch-face so far, it's got everything you need in one place and the design and animations are absolutely wonderful...truly glad I came upon this one!!
While looking for a nice watch face to match the beautiful moto 360 2nd gen I came upon this. At first sight I feel in love with it but I saw on ambient mode that it was do a weird graphic glitch. That was fixed with a simple restart and change the watch face to any other one and back again. I am in love with it.
Would get a refund if I could. The battery indicator for the phone doesn't stay up-to-date, and the font for the battery indicator is way too small, it's hard to see. Also tapping the center of the watch face changes its colors, this is stupid, this should only be done on the phone app, its way to easy to accidentally change the color.
I really like this watch face. It's one of my favourites. The date could be a bit bigger though as it's hard to read at current size.
First couple of days, weather was updating but now it's stopped. Location on etc, but just doesn't update. (Even when trying to force update the weather)
This is the second time I am rating down a watch face I love made by this company simply because it stopped working... it has not updated weather temp for 2 weeks... tried all settings, nothing works.
It's amazing but I would like to be able to customize the ambient mode screen (remove number indicators or the analog/digital mode entirely, hide the weather, etc.)
Everything I want and nothing I don't whilst looking nice and filling the square display on my Smartwatch 3.  Only wish is that the battery level displays were bigger.
Really like the clean look of this watch face.  Would be 5 stars if there was an option to turn off the colored band that follows the second hand.  Takes away from the understated look IMO.
I've been looking for a simple watch design for my Huawei Watch. Tried many free and some paid too. This is the closest face for a watch with all necessary information I would need. All works fine, lots of customisable features, etc. I think it worth its money.
Doesn't work on the Android Wear 2.0 This app hasn't been updated since 2015.
Simple but great. I wish the font size could be increased for the battery status indicators and the digital clock turned off in settings
I don't usually do reviews but this is one of the best watch faces I own.. Well worth the money.. Treat yourself and get this
Easy to use, suits my style and has all the relevant information along with a sweeping seconds hand. Recommend it. Would like to see some themes im a future update though!
Please fix Yahoo weather. It works in your other watch faces like "Power", but not here! I'll update the review to 5 stars after you fix it.
The watch looks nice.  But the weather refuses to update.
The best yet not sure what other reviewers watches are but on mine this is the very best, high resolution, perfect reactions just beautiful
Other than that perfect.
Why digital and analog at the same time without an option to disable one of them!!!
This is my favorite watch face for my Hauwei watch but it crashes a lot?!? Can you guys address?!?
So far the best one I have now. Easy to read and great animations. Great on battery as well. -Moto 360 OG
It would be nice to be able to customize the area with battery percentages, and put something like steps or sunset there instead.
Can be perfect if the digital watch showed another time zone, and touching the date opened the calendar app.
Is the best out there. However i would disable dial coloring
Ambient mode not colored
Great app, looks good and works good , instead of the phone battery icon, it's not showing the right battery precetage of the phone
This is a good watch face with a pleasant design and just the right amount of customisation.
Really good. But needs more customization options. And full color palette would be nice.
Awsome customisation
Amazing animation and useful features!
the idea is so cool. love it
I have always loved the old watches from the past and this is a reminder of them - brilliant
I like it, but the always on functionality is broken for 24 hour clock. The message disappears and the seconds are replaced with AM/PM which makes no sense in 24 hours.
Id give 5 stars if the time wasnt misaligned on my watch. I've seen other people say the same,  hopefully there will be a bug fix soon.  I can provide screenshots if the dev needs them
This would be my favourite minimal watch face if it used 24h time.
Quite like it. It would be improved with 24 hour time and a toggle to disable ambient mode.  Then it'd be perfect ;-)  ** hint hint dev :)
Love it, would definitely be 5 stars if I could change it to 24hr clock. Unless there is a way but I haven't found it?
After retrying on December 16th the clock is still left aligned on Moto 360, date and options are centered. Android wear version 1.4.0, Google play services 8.3.1, 360 build number LCA44B.
Not centered on a Sony smartwatch 3,  but otherwise works great.
But it needs a 24h mode ;)
Had a suggestion for an update and it happened the same day!  Cool watch faces
Be the bubble, feel the bubble, and just give the bubble a chance.You can tell that this app is a labor of love. It is one of the only watch faces that truly merges innovation with functionality - not gimmicky and really unleashes the power of Android Wear.   Don't hesitate and get premium to because we need to support developers like this - this guy gets it!   Support is also amazing. Really give it a try and spend time setting it up, you will not be disappointed!   Bumping review for updated version.
Too complicated. Tap the battery percentage bubble and the timer opens, random! Life's too short to figure it all out for me. Thanks anyway and keep up the work.
It's easy ish to navigate, I was hoping it would be a little more interactive but saying that it does what it's supposed to. I think android wear tech has come a long way and this developer is doing a fab job
I love this app. And I just see the surface of the possibilities it has.
INNOVATIVE with endless options
laggy
Love it
Very nice app. My watch is much easier to navigate thanks to this app.
Very few developers put the LOVE and. Passion into their apps. This developer does. This is an amazing app collection. Highly recommend!
This app takes some effort to learn how to use all of the options but offers amazing customization.  Worth the effort and the donation. This developer is the real deal...
just keeps getting better!
This is a great app. It just proves that with the right programmer Android allows for true customization. There are so many features on this app that I haven't even touched yet. I use it for my Android smartwatch, and it looks awesome now! Thank you so much for this app. Also, the YouTube tutorials are a Godsend. I am so glad that you are a dedicated developer!!! It means a lot to a newbie to your app like me.
A very, very good app. Being able to access all your apps and Google search without pressing a single button is amazing. The settings are extremely complicated though. I also bought the watch pack with the face shown above, the one with the yellow/red/blue hands. Love it.
A very comprehensive app is the best way to describe it. There isn't much if anything that it can't do. Its like the Swiss Army knife of watch faces.   My one complaint is that the instructions are not very clear and having to jump back and forth between Youtube help videos and the settings is cumbersome and time consuming. Some clearer object names and instructions I would give this a 5 star rating.
Love this. It’s the only watch face I’ve found so far that gives me the customisability and good looks I’ve been looking for. Awesome.
I really love this app and all the features. The videos are very helpful with setting everything up.
Highly functional and customizable. Meets my needs.
I love the customizability of both widgets and watch
Best UI (face) for Wear.
An absolutely essential app!
works perfectly
I use this app for my MK Andriod Smart Watch Sofie. Loved this app so much that I bought the full version which I have never done. I never even leave reviews but the devloper is also great and very helpful, even if the issue doesn't relate to the app. Can't wait for new features!!
OMG, this TOTALLY changed the way that I interact with my watch. I love all the customization. Since this is essentially 2 apps in 1, I feel that the UI could use some improvement to separate the 2 sections. Keep up the good work. You're the man!!
Seems like a well made and thought out app. Whilst not the functionality I was hoping for (looking for a similar launcher experience to the Apple watches) I still think it deserves 5 stars
seems sluggish at times..  doesn't show phone percentage..  dont like swipe for amient mode...
I have been using Bubble Cloud on both my phone and watch now for a month or so and the level of customisation is incredible. This is possibly the most powerful yet easy app available for Android I have used so far, the software is well written and very stable, and there are clear online guide videos for all aspects of the software.   When this is combined with Tasker, the possibilities are endless, the support is also second to none. I had to contact them on one occasion (which was due to an android bug not a software issue) and they were very quick to respond. If I wasn't so slow with my responses, they would have probably had the issue identified and resolved within an hour.  I am by no means an advanced user but I now have an attractive and streamlined look to both my phone and watch. Well worth every penny of the premium price, I won't be without it now I've used it.
Great app for my Fossil Smart Watch! Customization and personalization are great. Takes some time to get everything the way want it, but worth it.
Love the look and feel. Been looking for a faster way to get to my apps on my watch without compromising the watch face. Great job.
I think people who give this one star aren't willing to dig deeper and figure out how this works. It provides so much customization and control that there is inherently a bit of a learning curve. Watch the videos, ask the developer questions if need be, and at least learn how to use this before giving the dev one star. This launcher was not easy to create and Stock Android Wear sucks without it. It radically changes the Android Wear experience into something far more intuitive and user fried friendly. Just buy it and don't be a weenie 😁.
Powerful configuration for Google Wear and Android! Watch the videos to learn how to use it, for the best results. This is the ultimate in personalization for my LG Style watch running Google Wear 2.0, which purrs and growls snarly on demand now. I use a Pixel XL on the Android side with Android 8.1.0. Everyone is amazed at what my rather plain vanilla looking little watch now does and it wouldn't be possible without Bubble Cloud Wear. It takes a little time and effort to understand the tool, but the results are exactly what I want, total control over the UI. It took me about an hour to cozy up to the features, the are many and I have a lot of apps installed. If you are just starting with only a few apps installed, it should take less time to work out what goes where, etc. For you fellow techies, this is what brings out the promise of Google Wear, for me anyway. The Android Widget is equally amazing, BTW. Buy the premium version for the best of both worlds. Seven stars for an outstanding app!
I was looking for a wear app to control my lights in the house. Bubblecloud is it! They should boast about this feature. Perfect. They thought of everything, even duplicating existing commands. Thank you so much for all the attention to detail.
Hey guys I bought premium and I'm loving the app it works so nicely on my phone and Android Wear watches ,but I'm just wondering if you ever plan on working in support for full Android watches such as LEM5 pro ? I love my LEM5 Pro watch it's much more powerful then any Android Wear watches with the 2gb ram 16gb storage and to me it's much more refined with less issues then the Android Wear 2.0 os. It would be awesome if you could one-day try and work in support for them . They have good APIs I've heard . Thanks anyway . Your apps working beautifully on my Wear watches just wish Wear watches had a bit more storage at least more then 4GB . 😂
Makes my watch face customizable. Really liking the flexibility. Thanks.
Great interface but slowed things down and practically begs you to buy premium.
Pro fessional
Best
Keeps turning my Fossil Q screen on even when I have it set to only turn on at a touch, won't let me use other watch faces after setting it up on my watch, and this thing is impossible to uninstall! I've uninstalled it from my phone and removed it from my watch, but it's still locking up my watch asking for permissions to display over top of other apps.....
Clean & simple, just what I was looking for, thanks!
This app is easily one of the best things to ever happen to Android Wear.  The creator cites Nova Launcher as an inspiration, and it shows.  Please keep up the great work, and thanks!!
Found this early in locating apps for my new Android Wear watch and I'm glad I did. SO much easier than the built-in menus for finding apps!
Make the ball appear to roll??
One of a kind watchface, liked the animations inside, I am checking the time more often just to see the balls sliding
Bad
Copycat. Title and texts are "borrowed" from other, successful watchface "minimal and elegant", a well designed and stuffed with tons of possibilities original. Make your decision. Will you get an original, with updates nearly every week, or will you just install a poor copy of it with less functionality?
This is a fake, not the real minimal and elegant watchface. Not even close to offering the customisation that the real deal can. If you were directed here looking for the real minimal and elegant, you will be left disappointed. I've let the author of the real app know that someone's trying to copy their app.  KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
Just wish the ambient mode would show the same blue face I've picked for the main face. Either black or just a few basic choices. Great deal for the money and makes whole watch look different. Love sweeping hand. Reminds me of all my other watches. Will buy others.
1. The app keeps showing a message to install the app. IT'S ALREADY INSTALLED! 2. It would be nice if we can change or customize the Theme section with our color palette since the ones that are there, I really don't use.
Very nyc design . More custmizable .many colors choices are good for me because i change  different color everyday
Would be 5 star but dials are misaglined. Moro 360 2nd Gen
The dials don't seem to be aligned with the color overlapping. Moto 360.
I love the way it looks, but could you please add an option to have the numbers around it?
Animate the fire inside the pumpkin so that it has kind of a moving glow
Great watch face doesn't drain battery at all unlike others i have used.  Great job!!!!
Need I say more?
Cool face
Wouldn't take to my watch
Had to E-mail then with a question. They got back to me very quickly and helped me find my icon. Which was in the Android Wear. Not to mention real cool designs.
I really like the abstract backgrounds, but in ambient mode the watch hands are so incredibly boring I just can't get on board with it.
Love it . One of the best watch faces
Great watch faces
This app never shows the weather data, always it shows message as weather update started but it never shows.
My watch seems to randomly change the brightness to very low since I installed the watch face. Don't think it is anything else so suspect a bug in the app
Use it all the time
Best face I've come across bar none
Bought this app/watch face the day I got my Ticwatch E. I absolutely LOVE it! Very awesome, easy to use and very configurable. My only issue is that I am not sure what the Music Remote Control is or how to use it - and the documentation/help for this watch face is non-existent.
The free version includes features that many watch faces charge for... The paid version is even better!
My favorite watch face by far.  Bought the premium version and love it.  My daily driver.
Best watchface ever...
Was working swell until I paid for the app. Weather stopped working since then.
Buggy app for setting the watch face
Does everything promised
If you put FORECA as weather provider, it will be great. Works well on LG G WATCH
Great watch face.  Casual or dress up designs.  Easy to use and configure.
Good one
I like this face so far, it's simple, configurable and clean. The only thing I don't like is that I can't configure the size of the hour numbers. They're pretty tiny and there's no option to use bigger numbers. Any chance you might be able to work that into the product?
Good deal
I really like this watch face, lot of very useful features. I have one issue though, when tapping the music control complication, the watch says 'No connected phone found'. But both the Black Classic Watch Face app and the Android Wear app on my phone say it is connected to my watch How to resolve this?
Drains my Huawei battery twice as fast as other faces - can't go a full day without charge. Makes it unusable now. Also, the brightness randomly resets itself to minimum and can be very hard to reset if in a bright location. These glitches make it 2 stars. Loved the functionality.
Was happy with this watch face for almost a year after paying for the premium. Now I'm being inundated with adverts daily. I'm afraid it's time to get rid of this now the Dev has decided adverts are fine even for those who paid for the premium. I'm very disappointed with this Dev.
Very customizable, but lacking object location customization. For example the date cannot be positioned exactly where you want. The ambient options are very nice but the interface can be improved.
This is my favorite watchface so far.  I've been using it for about 6 months and I paid for premium.  I'd give it a 5 if it could synch with LG fit instead of needing to use Google Fit, and if it would allow me to use messaging for my texting app.  Overall, very nice app.
Buttons on the sides of face are not responsive on moto 360. I have to click several times to go to next page. UI is a bit overloaded with different buttons and controls.
Sending spam advertising in notifications after paying for premium. Uninstalled.
Purchased it. Want to love it, but it's the first watch face that drains my Huawei battery in less than 16 hours.
Most of the stuff, you have to get premium. I hate apps that do that
App no longer works on my watch. Do not get and do not pay for premium!!!
Need options to change the following: Ambient color of accent for the hands (it just defaults to green). The size of the hour numbers
I love this watch face but it won't track my steps please help I love this face it is classic and yet classy
Best FREE watchface on the store
Very nice... Classy look.
Great app
good
I love this watch face but would rather pay a fee and stop getting all the ads.
Great watch faces
awesome watchface, the only one i use. So customisable and feature packed. But i miss the cinema mode feature. I can't find an easy way to lock the screen so it won't turn on when accidentally touched or moved.
Great app for being able to define the look of your watch face. Works well with my Huawei watch.
Fantastic App. All the information I need on my watch. Excellent.A+++
Excellent
The old version was working fine with my Motorola 360 1st, but it could not install in the watch this time. One more thing should consider. If the phone sets silence, it should not be silence in the smart watch, it can be vibration
The brightness control seems broken still. Night mode makes it brighter now?
Thank you for an easy free watch face so I can show just a little more appreciation to our veterans
Thanks for this special face for Independence Day!
To celebrate me visiting the US of A
Looks good to me.
I love it 👍
'cuse 'murica
No settings to adjust skin tone. More realistic looking in the pictures than in real life. Not worth a dollar.
I like it, it's a watch face
Was a bit disapointed with the skintone. I understand only one is available, but didnt look as nice as I thought it would.
Not good could not even find the download and when i did the watch looked like, well, lets leave that shall we. you can make this for free and the same color as your skin. Not impressed
Only 1 skin tone. Crazy easy to make it watchmaker with a picture of your own wrist. 0/10 not worth a dollar
No ambient mode for POLED
It's garbage on Huawei watch. The hands are small and off center. The middle area is micro small and to the side. Totally unusable and Android Wear crashes when selecting out of it to another watch face.
I have installed and reinstalled it  about 10 times.   The results are always the same... the white hand is not centered, thus it is impossible to read the date.   I have emailed the developer asking for help.  I have received a very prompt reply from him... he has offered to return my money and he says that he is working on the problem.   I did not accept the refund.   The problem remains...
After promises of updates that never came, and incompatibility with the Huawei Watch, makes this a developer I won't be buying from again
It looks great but hard to read at a glance... Date is even harder
Really like the look of the face. Would prefer the US date format instead of European. To be honest I didn't realize the 'odometer' was the date at first.
I like the different look to this face as well as the fact that it's not cartooney looking. Great job.  Would love to see options to configure colors and date format. Thanks!
What excited as the face fits my personality. But does not work on on LG urbane 2
Works well on my LG Watch R. The car enthusiasts watch face!
Can't find it !
Watch
Simple and Appealing
It reminds me of a Ferrary's gauge =DD I'd like to have more variations on this, please keep on doing more!
Too bad, as this is my favorite design early Porsche 'green gauge' style.  Please fix an I will purchase again.
Watch face is not centered on Moto 360 2nd gen. There are no settings options. Avoid this
Does not center properly on Moto  360 2nd gen
Minute hand and date counter are not centered.
Titik jarum dan tanggal Tidak pas di tengah

gud but freeze all the time take long to display time
Am/pm markers work be nice thanks
What do i need to do with this ?
good, needs seconds tho.
I like this watch face a lot, simple and elegant. Perhaps and option to increase the size of the battery info as it's just suffering a little, in terms of legibility at the moment. A colour palette to change the background would be nice, or even a photo background option for unique customisation..
Neat looking face. It's nice to change it up every now and then. At first I was disappointed that the "stamp" constantly shifted but then I found the setting to make it static. Now I'm happy!
The watchface is kinda cute, but it gets boring quickly. I wish it had a setting not to shrink for card previews. Also, goes against the developer guidelines by adding a launcher icon for no reason.
That matters more since watch I can easily see, phone battery I'll have to pull it out of pocket.
Using Sony Smartphone 3 and the option for the face isn't available in my Android wear app.
Maybe have an option for different date formats (for example, have date written as 1 March 2016 instead of March 1, 2016)
I really wish there was an option for phone battery %
Has only what I want creatively displayed.
It sucks
Simple, elegant!
So beautiful  design｡^‿^｡
Why would you need access to photos if we can't add any images to the watch face? Uninstalling.
Would be even nicer if it didn't twitch about on the screen though. Can we have an option to turn that off? *update* amazing thank you! Such a quick response! :)
Really like the watch face! Shows a concise amount of information. The customization makes it even better!
Really like the new options. Thanks for this watch ⌚ face 😃
I kinda like it, but would really like the regular 12 hour option as well. Maybe next update?  Edit:  The 12 hour option is there and changes within the APP but it doesn't work, still showing 24h format on watch face?
Thanks for the updates, love the changes.
I really like the idea of this watch face and theme but can we please get some more options!? In your display photos for this app it shows a black background and white text, so can we get these as options to put on the watch face? Also having a option to change between 24 and 12 hour clocks would be amazing. Please make this happen
Only problems: no option to use 12h time (a minor issue), and the battery display is at the bottom of the screen, where it's always hidden or makes whatever card is there impossible to read when the face is inactive. Can you move the % display to the top of the watchface?  Being able to customize colors would be nice, but the current color scheme is fine also.
I wish there was a way to switch from the 24-hour format to a 12 hour format. Also, there is a large portion in the top of the screen that is unused. It's like the whole watch face should be shifted upwards on the screen, because when the cards are displayed it cuts right through the battery indicator on the watch face. Or maybe just switch the battery indicator to the top of the screen? LG G watch R.
The small hour digit is blurry in ambient mode - some of the numbers are not clear enough (3, 5, 8, 9), so I can't really tell if it's 18:44 or 19:44, for example. Other than that - really love this face!
Definitely one of my favourite digital displays. In ambient mode I find the washed out look of the numbers a bit hard to read sometimes but I understand this is the look you're going for. Looks good on round faces too like my G Watch R.
I saw in the preview images a black background version which is what I wanted but after installing I realize that's probably just the ambient mode and not something that I can choose to use.  Bummer!  With the white theme, I'm afraid it's going to really kill my battery with so many bright pixels.  I would happily bump this to 5 stars if you make the black theme an option :)
Love the watchface. Please update it soon with customization! Also, what font is that? Anywhere I can find it? Thank you!
Effective yet quite simple. Would love to be able to play around with changing the colours of the face so I can use a slightly different one on different days.
Love it. Maybe add a thing to get rid of the battery %
It's simple and effective. I really like this watch face. It's also unique
I love this watch face but if you could not have to have it on milltary time then it would be 5 stars
I like it alot BUT i dont do military  time can it be changed
Doesn't work on Asus ZenWatch
I really like the face, but I can't get it to show with the black background, how do I do that.
Does what looks like and nothing more and that is all I want from it could not be more happy with it
No matter what I do I can't get it to set as my watch face
It would be nice if time show with 12 hour.
Good idea, but none of the settings would transfer to my watch, so stuck with white and twitching.
Love simple faces with an outside the box design.
Simple and does what it needs to
Great looking watchface
Thanks for the gist! Will be usefull!

Digital one crashes a lot
The only thing that does not work for me is the black and white mode. Otherwise this watchface is literally genious.  Also it would be great with a better mintue indicator. If that could be done! Just like the orignal has.
This watch face captures the spirit of majoras mask perfectly.Works great on my motto 360. I don't know why anyone would complain about hour markers just go off the minute markers. Any semi-intellgent being can read it just fine. It would be cool to see the new interactive abilities the latest android wear update added utilized here but it's perfect as is.
I love the idea of the Termina clock, especially a functional one and not just a picture of the clock. It's the first thing I looked up, but I have a Gear S2 and it's not showing up on my watch faces. Will it ever be available for Tizen/Samsung Gear? 5 stars if so, great stuff!
It breaks my heart to say that its not working on my sw2 wont even appear in smart connect, i was looking so forward to this. However i know it is amazing and i love the idea so I'll give you 4 stars but please fix this for my watch :)
I have a Note 5 and Galaxy S2 Watch. I read that I should wait for the face to pop up in the Gear Wear app but I've been waiting for about 2 days now and it never appreared. I'm disappointed, but I hope you can fix this sometime soon.
It's a little hard to read. The only thing that would make this watch face even better would be the option to have hour markers on the face, if that gets implemented it will be 5 stars through and through!
It didn't work on my watch... I bought it, and it doesn't show up when I select a face on either the watch or the wear app. I have a Note 4 paired with a Moto 360.
If you love Majora's Mask, or really, if you love The Legend of Zelda, this is a must have. Works perfectly, tells time accurately (though hard to do at a glance), and runs exactly like the Clock Town clock in the game. Suggestion: possibly add a way to tap somewhere and get the day/clock display from the game on top for at a glance viewing? Otherwise, perfect.
A nice and subtle(ish) reference to my favourite Zelda game. I had a watchmaker premium version of this, but I prefer this standalone version. The ambient screen is a nice touch too. It also has the added benefit of keeping the time a secret from others as nobody knows how to read it.
Everything works and looks great on Lg G Watch R! Love it.....any other content from zelda would be great. Thanks
I love this so much. It feels kinda cool to know I'm pretty much the only person that can read my watch.
Looks snazzy on my moto 360. Easy to read and nice to look at. No issues so far
I love this a lot when, I first bought it in was amazed :)
Looks awesome and works great!
How does this work?
I have been looking so long for a mm clock. But it is called termina not terminal.
I know the design of the clock was never really intended for time in the game, but no helper or anything??? Even if it's a tiny digital clock in a corner.  I mean a watch does tell time after all. Only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because it's an actual moving click from Termina
Purchased the app. Set it as my watch face, and it instantly crashed.
Really cool. Only wish it had an option to make the outer ring act as the second hand so it look busier like in the game.
Waited a good half an hour, but it never came up. :[
Good, but I never received a companion app neither on the watch or my phone to change the colors which means it's just a white ring around the edges, which isn't what you'd expect from a paid watch face...
Downloaded, got notification on watch (Huawei 1) about 2 hours later that face was available. However next day still no sign of watch face on either phone or android app. Strange thing is only way I could uninstall was search for app in play store. No app in app folder on phone.  Shame as it looks good but given other reviews I'm not the only person to have issues.
Amazing. Just one thing: can I have an option to make the dots bigger even with huge selected there's tones of wasted space and the dots are too small
Very nice watchface! It took me some time though to find in the FAQ that I had to install it from my watch under Android Ware 2.0.
Awesome face, but I can't put the wachface's style in vertical way. Just horizontal! Could u change it? Thx
I have installed it 5 times already and still don't find it in my Android Wear watch faces or on my ZenWatch 3. Not sure what's wrong here? Help.
Being a Computer Science major, I love this, especially if someone asks what time it is and I show them the answer in just plain binary format, and smile.
I have the watch installed, but it's not showing up under android wear 2.0. Using galaxy s8+
Great, but please add an option to make 8,4,2,1 on the Y axis. See "binary watch face for geeks" as an example.
It's OK I wish the app would open on my phone. But it works.
Easy to install on my android watch,  works well and has good custom display options
Developer is awesome, watch face is awesome too!... Not much else to add, is there?
Five stars because of the many customization choices, stable, beautiful
Great watch face!!! Thank you:)
No
I don't know if it was an update or what but every time I look at my watch after like 10 minutes or so it changes my settings and puts numbers in the background. Which completely ruins the point of the watch as I don't have to figure out the time.. Please let me know of a fix or something.. Otherwise I still love the look and everything else.
I like the design, but I can't stand the dot matrix look of the ambient mode! Would like the same (just without seconds) look for ambiance. For that reason I don't use it. Sorry.
I finally purchased a SmartWatch to replace my aging Samui Moon 'The One' binary watch. This app ticks all the boxes thanks to 24h Nerd Mode with interactive features off.  Less is more 8¬]
Please add color (blue, yellow, red, green, white, orange) to dots only.  Awesome app!  Update: Thanks for the feature request!
Exemplary work. The battery life of my watch lasts twice as long. I'm practising mental arithmetic each time (no pun intended) I look at the watch. Thank You for your contribution to PlayStore.
Minimalist for the complete nerd plus non-nerd enhancements as required. Thank you!
Beautiful, simplified and a little geek. Using it and I loved it. Powerful settings give you flexible choices to customize whatever you like to present on the watch.
Great watch face! and it has a lot of funny options: date and battery format :)
Works,no ads,and options.

Yellow dot suits golden face moto 360 2nd a lot!
Looks ace.  Lots of customization options. Good job.
Very stylish!
Thanks a lot😀👌👍✌✌
This is the only watch face I use. Best binary watch face out there!
love it, the developer also listens and fix issues. good job
Learning binary
Outstanding watch face, my favourite by far. Works wonderfully except a small issue where I turn odd number in background and it turns back on again few hours later. Happened a number of times. Despite that I highly recommend this!
Love it! Is there any way to lock it on the nerd mode? Every time I touch the screen the numbers appear (bit values and time).
I just wish it could show the weather, otherwise it's great!  I like how the Ambient mode looks especially, and the amount of customization is much higher than other binary watch faces I've looked at.
I have download the app twice but where the app goes in phone I couldn't find it.. Please help
Really nice watch face with a lot of options!
this face clock is awesome
Clean interface, plus I can see the date and battery life if I choose to.  The only thing missing for me is weather which is not really the theme of the face anyways, but that would make it the perfect face for me if it was ever to be added.  Another feature that wold be nice is if the dots were a little more customizable (color and size changes are already available), but now I'm getting nit picky.
Best binary watch face I have found. The watch face and options are wonderfully designed. The checkered fill in ambient mode does detract from its elegance, but it is more than likely to preserve battery life. Samsung Gear Live.
Great design, excellent customizability, NO battery drain.
Use to be my favorite face. Now it just crashes all the time on both my watches. The option to change the color circle has also stopped working on both watches. It let's me change it in settings but never actually applies it.
Would give five stars if it had a battery icon like most other watch faces do! Also agree with others that the weather is not correct
If possible would be nice to add some radar blips on the screen,  just simple dots signifying submarines boats etc.  Other wise is perfect 👌.
the watch face its self is very nice.. but.. the temperature always says 20° and never changes and it also doesnt give you options to add battery health... if you could do those basic things on it i would of loved it..
Cool app, but every couple of weeks I have to remove the app and re install, because stops working.
Beautiful, my favorite! Hope it gets a 2.0 update as using other  complications would fix the couple issues and make it perfect!
I like it looks wonderful , yes the temperature gauge seems off by 4 degrees and it says partly cloudy which there are no clouds in the sky but I usually just stick my hand out the window or walk outside and look up anyway
Watch looks cool, but got a notification about a new watch face was available select to install. This went to a face that costs about 2 dollars. To me this is like getting ads on my smart watch. I blocked the notification and checked the app on my phone. Turns out this watch face is "suggesting" I download other paid watch faces from my watch. Uninstalled..
Gives the impression of a sweeping  Sonar effect
Really annoying to have advertisements for your other watches.
This app doesn't work, if you try to reconnect your watch, the app doesn't activate even after redownloading it.
Doesn't work on my latest Android and Asus watch3
Advertises other watch faces even when the watch face is not active. Uninstalled.
Worst app. Does not even display the face. Only the settings options is showing.
Just ----------- very very boring and fake app . Dont believe the images above
Started getting ads after I installed it.
1 star
Hoping the crashing issue doesn't come up for me. This is gorgeous!!!!
But the weather must be on drugs, and I don't want ads for your other faces on my watch.
Is there a way to keep the second hand on for 30 seconds before changing back to a "standby" mode?
Fun to play with, there are so many watch faces I can't just pick one and go with it.
a slightly bolder font for the time date would be cool imo
How do I get this watch face on my moto 360 I don't know how to do it.can someone please tell me the step by step
After few day used, it is force closed in my Moto360. Uninstall now!!
Nice watch face, but it keeps giving me ADS as notifications on my watch to download some other watch face! This is strictly against Google Play Store policy!
So it looks like a nice watch face But the Thing is How do I Get it on the watch?
Watch face light up radar type
Please add battery icon!
Asus watch
Looks fantastic on huawei watch.  Gray colours and great customization for background colours. Thanks
Really need a Battery % for watch..   Otherwise love the features!
Love the face but can no longer use with Wear 2.0  :(
This s cool
Nothing speciel
Stopped working
Love it and it's free! Thanks
1 of the best in its category
Great!!!
Very good,useful .
Lovely like
I like this watchface but it would be awesome if the status of the watch battery was also displayed on the face. Yes the battery status can be shown on moto 360 but that requires a down swipe. As others have said, display a date too & this could be a great app. Thanks for a decent first version.
Very nice app, I like the clock everything seems to work just fine except battery percentage is off a little bit.
Please make the battery % numbers a wee bit larger.   Like the WiFi name!
Great idea possible to request digital clock option? Will rate it 5 then for sure.
Its a cool app but could u add the day's date to it
I love it for casual and semi-formal wear
Please add day and date
It's very useful... awesome
Very very Nice & usefully
Looks very elegant .......
Awesome app for android watch..........
Look awesome
Owsome
Apps
Great
usefulll
Nice
Useful
Nexus 5 V4.4.4 & G watch.  After several restarts of both devices, and checking notifications, this watch face only showed time. Other functions had no sync.  I uninstalled.
Good program A+, keep up the good work.
Unable to install on nexus 5 and zenwatch
It's not working
Very usefull app nice......
Does what its supposed to do, just a little disappointed by the fact that any pictures set as the background are downscaled to where it can be hard to distinguish what it is. Used the same picture on the default wear 'custom' face and it shows up crystal clear. Hoping this can be improved with an update. Also having the ability to change the background with a gradient would be nice too.
I really enjoy how clean and modern this face looks, but I have 2 concerns that if addressed would make this a 5 star app. 1. If I have to pay 99 cent to change the colors then I would like a "save color profile" option. Then I could easily change from 1 preset to the other. 2. If I want the time, date, and stroke to be the exact same color, it's rather difficult to do so. It would be nice to have a "recently used" color option. If these issues are addressed I would gladly rate the app at 5 stars
My only complaint is some cards block the date. If there was an option to raise the time and date up to clear the card, I wouldn't need to swipe the card down to see it.
I've been looking for ages for a clean simple digital watchface for my Sony  Smartwatch 3...and at last have now found it with this app.  It's easy to set up and has lots of choices of colours and background.  There's an in-app purchase option for Premium but this is in fact a donation and the free version is the same as the Premium. I've donated anyway because it's a good well-designed app.  The only extra feature I'd like is the ability to change the font size of the time and date...especially the date. Some of us don't have 20-20 vision.
Would love to be able to select colors by hex code (so they can be consistent), but even still, this is exactly what I was looking for.
Was very happy to donate for premium, even without extra features, because I have been trying to find a simple, battery saving, but  color adjustable face, with 12 hour time and date, for quite a while.
...can almost get it just right...needs e,dd date imo thanks..and bigger date font
Like the app but it make my watch actup
Nice!
Great!
Excellent watch face! Haven't got into much customisation yet, but it's simple, beautiful and gives me all the information I need about the time and date at a glance. Not quite as good as Chrono watch face, but it's a very close second. I'll be using this as my primary watch face for the coming weeks. Using the Sony SmartWatch 3 and still looks excellent. One quick question I have: Is there a way to display the watch battery percentage and phone battery percentage on the face? I had a quick look through the settings earlier and couldn't see anything.
I really like this face but it does have some issues now and again when making changes. They aren't always saved properly. And it would be good it there was the option to add phone battery status to the face. Possibly by making the existing watch battery line two separate half circles one for watch one for phone. Or just another circle inside the existing one.
I have it set up all black with white text. Thanks
Really nice!
Love it.
Good app but honestly didn't really like it much more the built in ones on the Moto360. Especially the custom photo one that came with the 360/wear. The people complaining about the companion app just don't realize you do the customization through the wear app.
All the pictures show one, and my watch is running 5.0 like the update subscription says, but there's still no app.
I have no way of opening up the companion app or editing any of the settings on the face. I am running the latest updated 5.1 android wear on my lg g watch r and my note 4 does not have any way of opening up. Please fix
I'm on 5.0.1, but it won't show up. LG G Watch R.
Looks good and clean. Been using it for months as my go to watch face. I put a custom background and edited the colors to my liking and its all good to go.
What is the difference with purchasing the pro version? I bought the pro version and see no difference. :(
Very nice
Good customizer with endless options. Would like a preview screen to see what im doing, now its guesswork till it shows up on the watch. What does the updated-paid version add in extra functionality?
Just spent money on the premium version and the app crashes whenever I try to apply a image which is the whole reason why I even considered buying it.  Using a moto 360 on an M8
Looks absolutely amazing on LG GwR. You won't be disappointed… even when the watch is dimmed, you can customize it so it's fully lit the whole time, and have the dimmed watch face completely different from the actual watch face... if that makes sense. Just buy it.
I love this app. There's endless customization, the face is very clean, and it works flawlessly on my LG G watch R. The only thing I wish would be an option would be seconds displaying on the dim. I'm an EMT and rely on the seconds feature a lot and occasionally it dims while I need them. It's still the best face app that's out there
Excellent app, thanks! Some options for larger date text and maybe an indicator for phone battery life would be useful for the future...
Hi, how do I choose photo from gallery since it doesn't support from external storage?  But default location is from external storage. Thanks
If I change the dimmed color to dark gray it goes whatever it is say the clock becomes invisible
Really liking this on my LG G Watch. Suits my needs perfectly and doesn't sap the battery. Many thanks. Updated to the premium version,  but fear that the additional colours will kill the battery faster? Worth paying for the update even if it's just as a thanks to the programmer.
I really wish I could make the meter go the other way (clockwise instead of CCW), but it looks good aside from that.
My favourite watch face so far. Looks good on my LG G watch.
This has now replaced the Nexus face as my standard watch face.  mainly because it has the date and battery life on it.. looks nice.  I would like to be able to control the sleep mode display a little better..  Personally i would prefer the all the elements to drop down to a darkish grey but it would be even better if we could set the colours for sleep mode in the same way you set the colours when viewing it.
Have indicator start at left of bottom black bar and end on right side so it is never obscured. Also leave existing style for square watches or better yet make a square stroke version
Simple and clean. Love the ability to customize, would also like to be able to increase the font size for date. One of my favorite so far.
Add optional 'seconds' in smaller font then I'll give you 6*  :) . Update: Wow, seconds added. Thanks ****** :-)
A+ Great job and free with no special permissions needed.
Notifications take up too much room and you sometimes cannot read them.
I like that I can customize all the colours.
Works well
I've uninstalled and reinstalled this watch face. Also tried syncing in android wear app. What's the deal???
Love the look and color of the gave on my Moto 360. Only wish you could customize the face with weather or something else. I don't need to know what Wi-Fi I'm on or my phone signal strength.
Watch face good. Display name on face of watch customizable but unfortunatley, doesn't not remember when edited. Also, display battery % doesn't change.
Very useful apps
Very usefulllll
I can't sync it with my watch. Unnecessary icon in the ago drawer
Very usefulll ...works fine
Draka app.....it perfect app. For android watch .....
This was one of the best watch faces I had used. Loved the customization with colors, widgets, and the power saver mode made for great battery life! However when I switched to a new phone and everything from the watch to the app and android wear updated & upon trying to pair no matter how many times I reinstall and repair and resync everything the watch face doesn't appear in android wear :( . This is on the Moto 360 2 but I think the issue is with either Android Wear or this watch face app.
I originally couldn't use the face because my Huawei Watch was stuck on an old version of Google Play Services but Jose (the dev) helped me get it up to speed. Now I can use the face but the app isn't showing in my app drawer so I'm stuck with red. Hopefully there's a fix. Jose has veen very responsive so I have high hopes. If so I'll update this review.
Great face.  My favorite thing about this face is I get absolutely stellar battery life while using it.  I've bought a lot of faces and I normally never get more than 30 hours on my Huawei watch and usually less than 30 but with this face I get over 40 hours and that's with using always on and max brightness. It's a great indoors face as well since it's dark.
Much like the minimus360, each iteration of updates is making this watch face worse. So much more bugs now. Watch face doesn't load after watch has restarted/powered back on. Glitches with the colour scheme from time to time and battery life of the watch is now worse than before..
Love this and the easy simple customization exactly, what I wanted. But weather isn't working. Google now weather is on. Enabled on the watch. Downloaded other weather apps for my Huawei watch still won't show weather. Will update once I either figure it out or an answer is given................................. EDIT: got it to show weather. Using custom rom/kernel on my Huawei watch. Had to reflash everything clean and ensure the weather app was working and put watch face on working perfect now.
I like the watch face and the custom options.  However the app is a little buggy and the weather does not work on my LG Urbane with OnePlus One phone.  It does work with other watch faces that I've used.  Going to try my first refund in play store.  If the weather works in the future, may try it again.
Very impressed with this watchface, but more impressed with the developer. Initially had installation problems which he worked hard to resolve for me. Turned out to be an outdated Play Services on my watch. He certainly went beyond to help. Will  be watching his progress and wish him all the best.
Like it, but I'm not able to change the background. It appears as very light grey on my watch, polar m600. Kind of ruins the whole watch face. Would be great if I just could set the background to black.
After 1 year of have this watch face it was the best. But now thanks android wear 2.0 it kind of screw it up. It was on the zenwatch 2 and instead of the it being a square, its a circle. And males it look small.
I have a ZenWatch 2. The watch face shows up, but none of my changes take effect. Can only use standard colors.
Looked like a nice watchface, and as I received a code I figured I'd try it out. I have since uninstalled it though. I guess if you wanted your watchface stock, it would be fine, but in trying to customize the colors on mine, absolutely nothing I did was appearing on my watch. No matter how I went about applying the fixes, no update. Then to make matters worse, I closed the app in hopes that this would clear it up, but when I opened it again I was unable to load the preset that I had saved. Waste of an hour, but at least it wasn't a waste of my money as well.
The watch face is great. If your having trouble seeing it in your android wear app, keep in mind that the Google Play service on your watch have to be updated to at least 9.2.56
The only issue I have is that the steps widget doesn't update. If I tap the widget it shows me how many steps I've done but the widget on the watch face always says 0
No settings options, not customizable. Unable to get a refund after only 5 minutes from purchase.
Purchased, installed, running Android wear 2.0 on the LG Watch R, doesn't show up on the watch face list, refunded, Uninstall, re purchase... Re install... Still same issue... Now I cannot refund it as the time has lapsed... Will raise star count once it works... *** update, the face now works, looks clean, works well, only down side is it is dark, so outdoors is a bit annoying, other than that, great work!
Hi just wanna tell you that this app is very nice and clean I loved it so much but recently I got a problem, I have updated my phone to android 7.1 nugget after installing it I am not able to see this watch face in my phone or watch, though its showing its installed but unable to see it or apply it. I hope you could help me to resolve this issue so I can give you 5 stars.
I love this watch face. My only issue is the step counter is stuck on yesterday's step count. Otherwise I greatly enjoy this face and the ability to customize it to my liking!
Screenshots look amazing but the designer is a mess, cant see previews to properly configure and results on watch don't match settings. Huawei Watch...
Love this watch face but the ambient mode is too bad. Please improve. Thank you
Each and every time I select Stealth 360 watch face I get a message stating " app unexpectedly stopped. If I reinstall the app it works for sometime and again I get the same message. Waste of money.
I have an LG v20 phone and my wAtch is moto 360 but I can not get weather to Work on watch
A year later and still a lot of issue with Android Wear 2.0... can't change watch face
Does not show in app drawer and have only red as color - cannot configure. This happened recently, before it was my favourite watch face.
Can't use it right now.... Please fix!!!
Wow... What a piece of work. Completely customisable. Finally I got something which I can change according to my mood. One of the best faces I have ever used.
Really nice face, super good battery life. Great dim face. I found the setting with-in the wear app. Loving this one! 😀
Restarting my phone countless time still there is no changes after i tweaks setting and use custom preset.
Love the update and the design. But i am not using it until a full coloured ambient mode is available.
Step count doesn't actually show on the watch face. It always defaults to zero. Pretty good otherwise....
Love it. If your looking for a clean face with just a little standout accent color, this is a good choice.
How can I access the phone app to customize the watch? I am using Samsung galaxy s7 edge
Looks great, just wish it was brighter. Can't see anything in the sun.
Very nice but it's there a way to keep the screen on for longer before going into ambient mode?
Hey rhino just paid for it, doesn't even show up.. anything you can do?
You have to open it from the android wear app in order to choose this watch face
Doesn't work can't use settings it just says has stopped all the time
Its good. I am using ASUS ZenWatch and it works perfectly. thank you. I hope more customization in the future.
The pictures show blue...but I can't change it from red? Refund!
Exquisite, highly customisable. Well done developer . Best on the Google Playstore. 👍👍
I love the watch design
When my watch goes into sleep/dim mode the long and short hands change to the opposite of what the actual time is. So if the actual time is 3:00pm, when my watch dims it changes 12:15pm cause the hands change. Any ideas why? Otherwise I like the watch face.
Unfortunately the watchface is too difficult to see. On paper it looks good, possibly even on an emulator but in a real life scenario, on my Lg G Watch Urbane it did not look really good. Sorry guys, I know its meant to be "Contrast" but some more luminance is needed. Ambient mode is too simple as well.
Love it
V
Nice design, looks very good on my moto 360!
Like the watchface howvwe does not read correct temp,  when you set temp to Celcius it showS 278, 273,274 etc which sucks seems i bout this face
Moto 360 2nd Gen  Battery 🔋 consumption still needs improvement,   full charge only last about 14 hrs.,  should be at least 24hrs. When that is achieved,  I will gladly rate 5 stars, that is my only complaint,  this is one of best.
I have not had a chance to look at everything this face to offer quite yet but so far seems to be badass watch
I just purchased this watch face and cannot get it to come up. Furious
Not good, I feel ripped off.
Rad
I love this watch face and this is going to be my everyday watch face until something better shows up which i doubt. But why doesn't the watch face has the current weather. Miss the current weather very bad. 5 starts if it has current weather.
All the important info  right on your wrist.  Even the dim mode looks great
It kills the 🔋 very quickly.. 😢 do not feel like carrying a charger around all day for this..
Will not show any watch face available in Android wear app. Reinstalled and resynched and restarted phone and moto 360 1st gen. Still nothing.
Not all settings are showing up?  Can't even adjust the color. Very cumbersome to navigate.killed my battery less than an hour
I love this application. Must have its very attractive.
Absolutely LOVE IT! BRILLIANT! MUST HAVE! I would REALLY REALLY LOVE the colours of the Ambient Mode (dark blue and black) as a choice for the daily driver.... Would save a ton of battery on the 360.
As one would expect it does use up some battery. Has pretty much all the info you need.
One of my favorite watch face! Its really very nice looking watchface. Almost every informations are on the screen, but it kills battery quickly. Needs some optimizations.
Lots of information shown on the face!
Boat load of data. Just wish it would display a little longer to take in all the readings.
Even with notifications off and theater mode on, my watch went from 75% to 35% overnight. I suspect the heart monitor is the cause, and will lower the check interval to see. Otherwise it's a great watch face.
I just love this watch face.. It's features are super awesome..
Dont buy it! Did not show up in app drawer or in android wear for Sony Xperia Z2 5.0 until the 4th time I install the watch face. My moto 360 cannot auto on and when I reset, then app fail again and can't find. Extremely not stable!!!!
I love how busy it is and all the information you get from a single watch face. Tons of settings/options to choose from - the more the better imo. Weather is a little off but still acceptable. Wish you could use custom colors. It's quite a battery hog even with heart rate monitor turned off. Definitely worth the money.
Says to wait. Now I can't get refund. These people suck.
Good design and functions
Probably not good for battery consumption.
Great face, very busy. Would really like time/date more prominent
I like a lot of data on a display, but the choice of fonts and layout made this watch face too hard for me to read quickly. A subset of the data would have been better for me: time, date, hr, temp, wind, current wx. If I want more details I'll access the phone.
By far my favorite watch face. I knocked it down two stars because for a while I couldn't figure out why it wouldn't show up on my watch or phone anymore. It had to be installed through the watch first. Next, the temperature tries to display 3 digits, whether fahrenheit or celsius for some reason and doesn't have the space for it. Finally, it has some battery drain issues which I try to mitigate by turning down the heart rate sensor times, brightness and time before the ambient mode kicks in.
Doesn't work, displaying multiple hands on my watch and little else. Looked nothing like in the pictures and video.
The heart rate literally drains battery :(
Finally got it to work after unintelligible and install 3 times. I like it clean and neat. Good job.
24:00 through 24:59 does not exist. After 23:59 its 0:00. Where can I change this or maybe it's a bug and you can change it in an update? It's utterly annoying if you're from the EU. Besides that, great app, just turn of sensors you don't use to save heaps off battery time
How to apply this alike other app. I cant see any widget or something.  My device sw2.
Just download it today an I'm loving it doesn't use much battery at all this is just what I was looking for.
Can't install on the watch from play store.. Btw I'm using a fossil q wander
Waste app not working
Well I don't see the app anywhere?
Number one for me due to battery savings. No extra graphics and fully functional. Greta for outdoor activities
Great watch face. Love that you can see the altitude eg when hiking and uses lightweight memory imprint
All that empty space on top.  Would be nice for non all day calendar events information.
Beautiful eye candy. Thank you for the app sale.
Looks great but when I changed temperature from Celsius to Fahrenhiet the app crashed and froze. I uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail.
Brilliant app.. Very versatile!... A y chance you could have a football Oi on instead of Germany or so?
Love this watch face, only fix need I see is SMS count does not reset after reading the message. Hope the developer would fix. Please fix.
I believe you know that in ambient mode the brightness settings are relates to the text only, but there is no option to adjust marks and hands brightness. That eats up to 30% of battery a day. On my Moto 360 2nd gen 46mm your ambient mode looks ugly, not as it looks on your preview on the google play or at the settings page. The whatch face is perfect, but  not the ambient mode. And yes, antialiasing enabled.
Sluggish UI. The app is very slow to react. Unpleasant experience
Beautiful.  However, it is not recognizing wrist gestures on NB RunIQ.  Other than that, the best WF I have.
Doesn't work as advertised. Just a little heads up.
Quickly became a favorite.
Says no watch connected. Clearly connected. Restarted, re paired, did all I could. Won't work. Installed. AVOID! I EXPECT A REFUND!
Needs redevelopment, it won't interact properly
Ambient mode - cannot change hands or hour brightness - too bright and blocky,  battery life not so good,  cannot show phone and watch battery at the same time...... Unless someone can tell me otherwise!
Did everything to get this crappy app to work! Google please remove from play store, not fit for purpose!! DO NOT PURCHASE!! My watches are a Tag Heuer Connected and Huawei W1. Buyers beware!!!
Despite following all directions could never make it work. Now past refund time.
Unintuitive and annoyingly frustrating to make changes.
Ambient mode not like previewed. Dial and hands same shade white, jagged edges. Would prefer color ambient mode with no animation and reduced brightness...
Also take too many times until I was able to get it to work , and unfortunately can't find where to get refund for that .....
I really like the ability to change the texture (carbon looks great). Night mode is great too. I just hope enabling anti-aliasing doesn't cause too much of a drain on the battery.
Please! I know its battery saving but let us decide if we want a full watch face in ambient mode. Please enable a full watch face ambient mode! Cheers. Its a beautiful watch face. Moto360(2)
The design is awesome! I will give the 5 rating when an update comes with an option to hide the steps display or can change it with the germany logo.. Thanks!
I want to know why there is no app icon even though it shows in apps
Will be awesome if you add more base colors (:
Looks great on my Zen2. Especially love the night mode face.
Wouldn't run on my Fossil Q Founder
No widget?
Long story short, I wanted a refund and they gave me it no questions asked. Very polite:)
Love the wallpapers and use it on both my phone and tablet. The daily auto change of wallpaper doesn't work on either my Moto G4 or Samsung galaxy tab s2. Nor did it on my previous tab and phone. It's my only problem with the app so I figured 4* until it does as it states. Thanks anyway.
The app always stops working on my moto 360 2nd gen. It happen every time when ever i try to set it as my watch's face. I am using the latest version of Android on my watch.
They are nice but the wallpapers do not fit in the centre of my display even if I use single screen on my display and kept the the scroll wallpaper option off. Maybe they just don't want to fit in the centre of my screen.😅
This app used to support my moto360 smart watch and after the last update it doesn't support it anymore. Please fix the bug. I really like the wallpapers but I want it in my smart watch again.
I think it has support for only round watch faces..please resolve this issue
The watch face keeps crashing on wearables. Every time i pair the watch, i see crash notifications. I couldnt even use the watch without uninstalling this app!
Love this app guys but would love to see some V8 Supercars on there plz considering u guys have three cars in it this year and by what I herd looking at another two for next season so some V8s plz guys
A great hd wallpaper are showcased & even same we can download for free are best features I have ever seen. Thanks to this app, because this app's wallpaper has made my phone more attractive.
Ever since nougat update only homescreen wallpaper is changed. Lock screen wallpaper remains unchanged. Quote annoying.
They screen savers don't change everyday automatically. Small thing that could be fixed. Besides that it awesome!
I'm using this app for a while now and still there issue with the auto change in wallpaper, I think you guys should work on it
Red Bull does have a lists of football club in their brand. FC Red Bull Salzburg, RB Leipzig, New York Red Bulls, Red Bull Brazil, Red Bull Ghana and etc. Your photographers sure can do some magic taking photographs in the football pitch aite?
The wallpaper disappears as soon as you close the app rendering this unusable for me. I am rating a single star until this is fixed. Edit: this was a problem with just one wallpaper for some reason. It has now fixed itself.
This app. is far out man. I really dig it. Can't wait to check out the new pics. whenever they come out. Easily 5 stars.
Since the time I enabled daydream option through this app, i am unable to disable it ever in Redmi 3s Prime. Even after uninstalling this app.
Yes I loved it, but the only one thing is missing in live wallpapers. there r few live wallpapers on the charts u should first preference to live wallpapers
Nothin like watching someone throwing them selfs down a sick mountain gets me pumped!
Man it's awsm .. its freakin awesome ... Dnt knw wat others say about it but fr me it's the bestest wallpaper app.....loved ittt nah nah addicted to the wallpapers
Very amazing wallpapers. Just the frames per second of the live wallpapers are a bit low. They lag a bit.
love the daily rotating wallpaper feature! just wish there were more moto wallpapers.
Fantastic, only issue is often when selecting a new wallpaper it won't set right away. I have to go back and change it a couple times before it actually sets
The wallpaper doesn't change everyday besides it is awesome
I love the app It would be a 5 star rating if I could download them, or there should be a second option to make it your lock screen wallpaper
Great collection of sporty wallpapers.. But for me auto wallpaper change is an issue.. I have to go to settings everyday to change it ..  Otherwise awesome
When I turn my phone on  the next day the wallpaper  changed.
Noone matches with Redbull wallpapers. There is no better one.
The live wallpaper are good. If I can fix the position of the image and get the liveness, it would be Ausome..Must download and try!!
Very nice stunning wallpapers for android ever...
Крутое приложение, я перестал заморачиваться с подбором обоев, и каждый день меня радуют крутые снимки!
Ask where to set wallpaper to home screen or lock screen! We want different wallpaper everywhere. In next update please take this note.
Does not work most times
Such a great app!! Every picture has fantastic quality and my favorite will probably be the snowboarding cause that's my sport !🤘
Nice selection, however the auto change doesn't work and kept crashing the app.
Great for most devices as I know it so far as well as my own device. Simple and free :)
Catchy wallpapers... Refreshing...But, won't get automatically changed everyday.
Cause it has everything from red bull and has every type of racing
Pictures are amazing, but needs updated way more often. Come on Red Bull...
Super colour, great scenes, puts you in a dreamworld for just a sec and motivates you to get back into it,,, great.?...
amazin pics, but no latest F1 2017 pics of Max and Dan😭
The quality of wallpapers is really good and the interface of the app is also refreshing.
Works great for Moto 360!
Download the app but it's not opening after downloading nothing happens. Sign comes up uninstall
Weather app doesn't work...needs to be fixed
Like the selection also like the sweeping second hand. Would be nice to be able to change the watch hands and mix and match the backgrounds. Other than that...like I said nice selection.
Not for all Android watches. I wish they would list a definitive list of the android watches they support. Buyer beware.
Nice
Nice
It took SEVERAL months for this to finally work with all the Android wear watches, but it does now, and it's nice. Few options to tweak, nice and clean look.
Looks a lot better on the pictures than on the watch unfortunately.
Would prefer it to be a single face with settings to change it. Right now I either have to hide each face I don't want or scroll through 8 extra faces on my watch. Should just be a single face with 8 settings.
Missing weather phone call and messaging
Love the premium finish, with different colors into it, ambient mode is the most awesome thing  looking forward for new updates
Sadly, it doesn't fill the screen on the Huawei Watch. I just wish I hadn't gotten interrupted, and list the refund window.
Doesn't fit at all on the Huawei Watch. Way off centered, although the hands are centered but the background isn't.


Nice one
Great
Took my money.  Gave me nothing....doesn't download.  Uninstalled. Reinstalled nothing.   That's not ok
Its almost more than 30 mins that i have installed this app but still no sign of any watch face in Androidware app yet.
Just updated to note 7 and it says it's installed, however I can't see the app. Worked great on s7 edge. I can see the watch face on my phone now, however not the app.
It doesn't show up on my Huawei. Its updated to Android 2.0 and still it's a no show. Uninstalling. Forcing it to work generally means it will be probably be a drain on my battery. It needs development.
Weather is not showing up. Instead it shows a question mark.
I have a galaxy s7 it shows the watch faces on my watch but app doesn't show up on my phone even after Uninstalling so weather only shows question marks
cant see the watchfaces on andriod wear 2.0 did uninstall reinstall and even reset the watch
Won't show up on my G watch after resync and waited 10min and sync again
I mainly bought the app for weather face and as of now it doesn't seem to be working it 20:30 and the face is showing a midday sun
Multiple displays that meet the mood of the day. Concise and easy to use
Sorted works perfectly now thanks
Can not get it to work, have new phone and watch, all other faces work
Worth the purchase of you like simple casual watches.  Unfortunately nothing I would use for a night on the town
On the digital wear electronic face. The 1s in the date look like 7s.
Very cheap looking definitely not worth paying for
It's not working anymore
I love this app the watches are awesome.
Just gorgeous watch faces
Much improved !
Great watch faces
Excellent!
Cool
Beautiful faces. I especially like the changing sky. Would be 5 stars if it allowed you to display the date in addition to the time and temp.
Using it on moto 360.very battery friendly. Also gives accurate feedback of features.
All the faces looks and works perfectly on my Moto 360. Hope to see more faces in the future. Keep it up!
Хороший выбор циферблатов и не дорого
Would love to see more watch faces.
I would give this 5 stars but I have the Moto 360 and it doesn't account for the flat tire at the bottom and numbers are hidden. Also the day and date don't show up on faces which really stinks
Im super tech saavy and I live for new tech.  I have a moto 360 and a gear 2 with s4 and lg g2 amongst other high end android stuff.  This app really misses the mark on compatibility, UI, and tutorials.  Dont like it.
Start up lag kills it. Other developers have figured it out. The watch faces are pretty ugly to. Every face is on the watch and not the app. This could  be the best, but as it stands now,  far from it.
Would love to see this on my watch and I paid for this but it won't install... Error -24... Can't get a refund or anything... I'll give a 2 🌟 until it is fixed...
Overall it is a good app and a few good faces but you cannot control color of numbers when changing background color. Once complete customization comes I will change to 5 stars
Love the app. But hate all the watch faces are on my watch. Would be much nicer if like other apps you just choose on your phone and send to the watch what you want.
Some of the best & highest clarity faces ive seen since getting my Moto360 two weeks ago. Can't wait for more faces. Must buy for any Wear owner.
I love two of the watch faces. Would use as an everyday face, but I can only get about half a day with them. I've try all configurations it just hard on battery life. Fix that and five stars.
Great faces and ability to customize the colors. My only issue is when I invert clock color,  the date and day disappear, please fix 😊
Touch screen stopped on moto 360, really hoping it wasn't this app because I want it on my new replacement watch.
Great watch faces and so nice to have a combo face digital and analogue. Some of the faces don't seem to change much when in stby other than the seconds disappearing. The weather ones are great in stby. Would be good to have stby mode for all faces.( UPDATE -- HAD OLD FIRMWARE OM WATCH, NOW STBY MODE WORKING ON ALL FACES) looking forward to the new faces coming soon
Really well designed faces and ability to modify colours and have battery status and weather is great.  But there needs to be some consideration for the notification tiles, which for some faces completely blocks the time.  The last face added though has addressed that issue
Specifically in the "HD" weather ones. There is no date (Wed. Oct 8) on the main screen, yet it shows in ambient mode?
Apart from my general disappointment with Android Wear this watch face is quite good and sharp opposed to most out there where they get all pixalated when set.. Worth the price so far!
There are no options to change the colors or settings on the watch and it dumps an unnecessary entry into your app drawer.
Simple, easy to read, and very sharp looking. A small battery level indicator would be ideal, but even without that this is my favorite watch face on a Moto 360.
Great easy to read face would be 100% if I could get rid of the second hand and make the design full screen
Did not appear on android wear app. Also not appear on my watch. Using lg g watch
My favorite watch face! The only downside is that there is no option to show the date on the watch face.
Love how minimal it is. Looks great on a square face too
This little thing not only looks great but also is brilliant to quickly read time on a bike or while running.
I love this watch face, New android wear update lets you edit colour and 24hr clock so makes it look like you can tell the time properly!
I'll change my rating once a square variant is added.  It's a shame that devs disregard this when designing these.
full screen use of square watch would be better tho.
Looks awesome but the font has some pixelation issues.  Maybe switch to a heavier weight of the font your using
Would be better with a color wheel.  I gotta stick with red because all the other colors are not to my liking.
need to think of using different faces while using idle time. High contrast eats battery.
Please add more colors.
Knocked out of the park, I love it keep them up.!
Great job dev! Thank you.
This is a really handy watch face. My only problem with it is aesthetics. The square layout is lacking. I wish it looked better on my ZenWatch screen. Surely that empty space at the bottom can be used for something.  Put the date under the time and push the temp and wind direction to the bottom. It would balance out the watch face.
.. in any light, with or without sunglasses, even when dimmed - by far the easiest face to read over seen so far. Is also the only watch face with useful and readable weather info, particularly the rain graph. 4* for two reasons: no date and sometimes the rain graph goes weird
I just keep coming back to this watch face.  It shows all the right details and works well in ambient mode.  Notifications "push" the text of the face up so everything is still visible.  It's really the little things that make this face great.
This is the first alternative watch face that I've stuck with. In a complete sucker for the sunrise/sunset times! Very helpful that they added °C in a recent update – the only thing missing now is date display.
I never ran out of battery in a single day, now sometimes my battery is dead in half a day. Drained 40% of battery today! Going to have to stop using soon if battery drain is not addressed. 100% to 0% today in 8 hours due to this watch face.
Add a step counter and the date and it will have everything I want (and get 5 stars).  The weather does not seem very accurate and/or seems slow to update.
Easy to read, large numbers are a plus for ambient mode. Love the sunrise/sunset times, very useful. The only thing missing (as mentioned by other commenters as well) is an option to display the current date - keep up the great work, thanks!
The only reason I don't have this on all the time is because I like to be able to glance at my watch for the date. Perhaps this could be made an option? Other than that, its great.
Love the watch face and all the data it diaplays... but please add the date to it. It would be 5-stars if it had it. That is the one thing I use the most and don't have.
Would be nice if it worked for longer than a day. I installed it on my Sony Smartwatch & Galaxy S3 phone,  but the precipitation line, temp, and wind direction and speed are all stuck. The time alone is correct.... I tried deleting from watch. It did not appear on my phone. I could not reinstall because it was already "installed." Great idea, bad execution.
It's a great watch face for more than just biking, as it gives a lot of strong insight on the whereabouts of weather and conditions, but you're sorta stuck with the nuisances like the super sporty background. It's still an amazing watchface, though!
It only shows the time. All extra info broke since update to android 5. Both on the watch and the phone.
Was great for a while. Now have to constantly uninstall and then reinstall to keep the  weather and sunrise / sunset times to update. Having to do so every 2 to 3 days. Quite annoying, when this watch face used to work perfectly.
Really like the active screen, but wish it could have the date. I find the standby screen very hard to read outdoors because of the outline font - wish it was solid.
Like another reviewer said,  this is the first outside watch face that I've stuck with.  Had it in place for several weeks,  and I love the sunrise/set times.
As much as I would LOVE to believe that it is 77f outside for the past 24 hours, I know that it isn't... Very nice watchface otherwise
I really like this watch face on my Motorola 360. The only thing missing is the option to see the current date.
Used OpenWeatherMap service returns wrong temperature. Sunrise/Sunset chart isn't draw properly.
Great watch face, but I'd rather have an option to have metric and imperial separate as I find mph easier to read for wind but don't understand Fahrenheit and vice versa. Also would be handy to have the date too. Brilliant otherwise though I love seeing sunrise/set times and the rain forecast!
Does not display day or date. Very frustrating.
Your watch faces are really wonderful but... Please add move inwards option to account for the burn in protection especially in LG G WATCH R. This option is a standard in Google specification why don't you use it?
It is very helpful for planning my ride. It needs to be updated, the precipitation info doesnt work after the Android Wear update. Thanks
Latest update has broken the weather. Other than that, love this watch face. Only third party one I've looked.
The only problem I have is the time keeps sticking and is slow to fix itself....  Please correct...
Great watch face, it has earned top spot on my Sony smartwatch 3.  Please add the date (month & day) to the display and it would be 5 stars.
Love this watch face, especially the precipitation indicator and the sunrise and sunset times. Crashes once in a while on the watch but reboots immediately.
I really like it when it works correctly and all data is shown.   Everything being shown is becoming more and more infrequent.
It's very excellent. Simplistic, clear, and fun. I just can't quite figure out how to read precipitation chance overnight...
I love this face. I can't see me using this during my rides, but I love it for a quick weather forecast. Now I just need to get me a specialized bike to go along with this amazing face. Full Carbon?
Great watch face for planning outdoor activities -- not just biking. At a glance sunrise and sunset times are very helpful for last-minute planning of runs in parks/trails that have sunset rules.
Does what it says and looks good. Changable colours of face help personalise it. Only thing missing is a date option.
Out of all the watch faces available, I keep coming back. Out love the date the be displayed on the bottom of the face but otherwise great.
Was great, but needs updating since android wear updated. As it doesn't work anymore!
I really like all the information condensed as it is.  I just wish it showed the date and allowed you to change the background picture to a custom image.
Great watch face. Battery friendly, nice info about weather and sunrise/sunset. I would love battery info too but not a big deal. 5 star!
...any chance of being able to pick different imperial and metric readings... I work better in both for different things ie I use Celsius for temperature but mph for speed.
Metric system would be good to have to be able to select. We Canadians like our celcius and km/hr.
before the update, the font was big and now it's annoyingly smaller.
Great watch face.  Adding an option to display date would make it perfect!  Can't tell if the precipitation meter is working since I live in California :(
I love the sunrise & sunset times, super easy face. Wishing they could include more options like elevation to track climb, great face overall
Not because of the app, but because I'm constantly checking my watch for the pictures! It's just fun!
I love seeing all the interesting photos that represent the places I travel to right on my wrist. They often showcase the location's unique culture or idiosyncratic landmarks, and they change all the time!
I think it runs my battery down faster because of the constant photo updating that goes on. Needs to be able to set a time interval perhaps.
Heat it
Watchface is not centered on 360, useless..
The overall look and usability of the watch face is awesome, however with the recent update there was supposed to be a configuration option via phone, however whenever I try to do this it says install settings app...not sure if this is a glitch or what
The square face looks nothing like the screenshots provided. The only setting it gives is a "light face" option. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and resynced several times. Nothing like what I paid for, very disappointed. *EDIT* It was somehow overlapped with another app and Wear mushed them together and only recently untangled them. Star rating changed.
I'd like to be able to choose more options of what Info is shown and were and have an option of hiding the seconds and more options to keep parts of the fx on/off all the time as well as the random setting it has atm.
Thank you very much for an awesome watch face.
Holy Brilliance and endless customization! Super slick and love the glitch effect. Major battery eater though... I'm sure it can be tinkered with in the web of settings somewhere, but this face drained my 360 by 55% in just a little over 2 hours.
How do I enable burn in protection? It also appears that if I turn the ambient ring off, the transitions fail and get stuck. Is there anyway to dim the ambient? Edit.......... The developer emails back quickly and is helpful! Thanks!
This is the best working watch face I have found so far. Most of the fun ones have stopped being supported. This one works flawlessly. Heavily customizable, and customizable from the watch itself. I love the optional glitching animation. Well worth the money!
Great watch face... My only request is for a colour selection interface on the phone... It is too cumbersome via the watch.
This is the type of fancy watch I wanted, but it can be 5 stars if you could have the ambient digital clock to be much bigger..
Absolutely love the digital, futuristic look of AQ's watch faces, and this is the one that drew me in first. Highly recommend both this and Digistyle. Dev also has a great sense of humor (Void).
If abiant display time would stay the same color it would be perfect!
Would be nice to have the settings in the Android Wear app instead of the watch.
Thanks! Now that I know how to customize it 5 stars!
Would love to see settings and a preview available in the Android Wear app. Messing with the watch UI is cumbersome.
My only gripe is the face hasn't been updated to the 5.0 API. Once that happens we'll have perfection
This is a fantastic watch face, one of the best in my opinion however I can only give it 4 stars so far because for some reason the animation gets stuck transitioning into ambient mode. I've tried restarting watch, watch is latest firmware and brand new I might add. Lg watch R
I love it and am using it right now. But could get a couple improvements, namely: 1 - Better battery life 2 - Display abbreviated full date, e.g. 15 Jan 2014 3 - Animation controls  But still, this is hands down the best looking face for Android Wear devices. Edit - Installed the updated version 1.1.2 a couple days ago, and it made me upgrade the previous score from 4 to 5 stars. Battery life much improved, controls for the animations and it looks even better. The developer is being very proactive listening to the users and addressing their suggestions, and keeps updating the app. Excellent job!
Awsome update, only issue found was ring does not hide in ambient mode. So far so good. Will observe the battery life. Hope it improves!
Brilliant display works well emailed developer as have a couple of issues and have concerns about screen burn
Great watch face! Is there an option to change the thickness of the watch hands? Can we change the hands of the watch separately? And instead of memory can we replace it with  different information like the local weather?
One of the best watchfaces, I was going to skip it due to the poor available app description picture but after seeing the video add, I got it with out second thought 💭
Really awesome and futuristic. Just needs to show me phone battery and watch battery.
Issue on the Nexus 5 with changing the color in Android wear. I expect this will be sorted out.  I like the detail on this watch face. Will watch for others from this author.
While I love this watch face, could things I would like to see changed. 1. Better battery optimization. 2. The battery life, and the memory don't seem to update unless I restart the watch. Other than that, great job!!!
A futuristic / hacker theme, with very cool effects! One of the best watchfaces I've seen, very nicely done. Plus, you get 2 for the price of one ;-)
My only issue with this amazing watch face is it gives my moto 360 omap3 the oh no's but imagine would work flawless on the other watches with qualcom processors
Wow i am highly impressed by the animations on this watch face and looks great on my new LG G Watch!
Would it be possible to add 12 hour time, multiple colors at once and animation speed control?
I like this face a lot.  But could it have multiple colors like the picture.  Different ones per gage or something similar please
I already saw it on reddit and I wanted it from that moment and now I finally have it
It's the watchface I've been looking for!
A lot of  useful data and animations.
Great animations but since setting it as my watchface on my Sony Smartwatch 3 I've had to charge it twice a day. Gone back to a Sony one and I'm back up to charging it once every 2 days
This watch face is beautiful and easily customized.
Great app, the only problem is that the music player doesn't work. I can't skip, pause, go back, raise volume, lower volume, or play at all. I have to use the notification tray on my watch. Also it takes a bit to figure out how to actually make the app function. You have to keep re syncing your apps over and over before it actually sends the settings to your watch. Other than that, great app.
Please fix battery drain issue; battery discharging at about ± 2% per 7 mins. Overall nice watch face - looks sweet on MK Dylan Gold.
Just bought the premium and none of the interactions are working.  Really disappointed.  I'd like a refund
Beautiful interface, but dissapointed that it only registers steps from phone, and not from watch. I don't carry my phone on me at all times so the count is not accurate.
I could not set up on my Huawei smart watch. Doesn't working.
Just purchased, please add feature vibrate on hour. Thanks
Great looking watch face but Can you tell me how to change the Watch Face color please.
Do you have any Samsung options I could switch it for? Thanks for any help you can give.
Just ok
Sorry it sucks
The app has problems with updating Google Fit. There were no problems in the beginning.

This doesn't even work!!!!!
I downloaded app too my phone but it can't apply it to the watch why
Bekar app
I got the paid version coz i wanted the music controls on screen, only the play button works, back and next not working at all!! Also you can't see the time when music player is on the screen.  On the time screen when you get a notification or use wear play music player the notification bar covers bottom half of the screen and also you cannot see the time (minutes). Terrible, I would NOT RECOMMEND buying this app!! I suggest you put date on the bottom of the screen, so when you get a notification you can see the time.
I have absolutely no idea what I paid for. I'd recommend this to no one. Waste of money and time.  If I need to contact customer service for initial setup it's not working right to begin with.  -Response to dev:   What does work?  The time, the battery state for each device. What doesn't work?  24hr setting, google fit info - I've NEVER seen the screenshot in the ad, weather - I've NEVER seen the screenshot in the ad, I've not discovered how to change watch face color, tapping the screen does nothing most of the time. The icon to get to the other items is size of the head of a pin but hour and minutes sweep dials on each side take up a quarter of the screen - because seeing the huge numbers in the middle isn't enough. I really thought this would be more configurable and actually work.
How do you change the colors/theme? It says change color on tap but it doesn't do anything.  Yes the premium option is checked as is the color change on tap box  Ok it works now. I don't know why it wasn't working before. Thanks
WARNING: Screen BURN-IN & battery killer!! Not fully syncing w/ Google Fit.    I purchased the premium version and installed this watchface on my LG Urbane with brightness set to 2 out of 6, and Screen Time (the time before Ambient Mode Displays) set to 5 seconds!!  That was less than 30 hours ago. Today,  I set it as  my default watchface for first time of use  and i wore it a full 8 hours at work (sitting at a desk job)!  My Watch battery is now at 33% (usually has over 56% left after a 9 hr workday) and on closer inspection, the 4 center digital CLOCK numbers are NOE burned into my screen !!!!! So there is now a center square made up of 4 large dark ovals!!!  I'm am not at all happy!!!!  No other face installed ever burned into screen no matter how long I wore my watch for..which often was a lot longer and much more active!! My beautiful screen is ruined!!!! Be WARNED!! Unlike other faces, the center CLOCK digital numbers do NOT  move and DON'T  DIM. Just gets super bright in ambient mode!!  causing the  BURN IN!!! FIX: Add option to lower brightness in ambient mode!!
Had some problems with initial installation but after doing it properly everything worked fine. Good customer service from the "Rich" team as well. thumbs up
Purchased this off of Google app st ore does not even give me the option to download to my gear 3 want refund . And no this watchface is not available in the gear store.
I have installed several of this developer's watch faces. Cannot find a way to load them on my watch !
Wont go on my smart watch even after buying premium for it rubbish app and don't work at all
Doesnt work on LG after update.  The watch face won't transfer.  Yes.  I have Andreoid wear 2 on my watch.
The animations on this watch face when waking up the screen worked perfectly in AW1.5. In AW2.0, they're not working at all. Watch face is stunning otherwise.
I can't even select a watch face everytime I try to select one to download it sends me right back here.
Misleading; Nothing is free!!
Works on Nixon mission with Android Wear 2.0 when installed on phone and separately installed on watch
Please Give us this on Samsung Gear S3. Would pay to have this on my Gear S3. I loved it on my nixon.
Nice looking, and nice application.
i have paid and nothing changed .... the day after i reinstalled it. and tadaaa it works
App seems to be working great. Question what are the 2 percentages at the bottom?
No. Just no.
Can't figure it out
Love it.  Nice smooth
GOOD
Why can't the left right toggle items, at the top be changed? Why can't any app be selected for the MENU SHORTCUTS?
None of the buttons work on it. I can't change the color I can't get anything to work correctly.
Paid for the premium version, but it does nothing even on premium. Wish I could get my money back. No amount of resync is changing anything.
These are good watch faces but they like to send random notifications. I think today was the last straw personally and I won't be downloading or purchasing anymore.
This is a proper minimalist watch face. Importantly it doesn't drain the battery. I've very few watch faces I can use with my endomondo fitness app without draining the battery after 4 hours of use. This one helps me clear that 4hr mark. But  I also really just like the simple digital watch face.
Very cool!
Feature request: Please give option to see what actual time the next prayer will be. Right now it shows how much time is left such as 1 hr etc. This could be an option in the settings on 'Do you want time left or actual time for next prayer to show'.
Timings are inaccurate. We need an option to set times manually please.
It needs auto location I can't get the right times it was saying Isha after 9 min but Isha was 60 min
Best
Must have
Great
Love the animation, just wish the the text was bigger, not everyone has good eyesight
A one trick pony
Wow..
Good
Good Job
I'm a fan of this developer and will collect all these animated ones. Keep them coming.
It's cool
Отличный счетчик, только расскажите, как скрутить показания?
На мото360 активные элементы съезжают...
Nice ЖКХ watch
Thank you for this free watch face. I think it could really use a date indicator. Works well on wear 2
Very elegant face. Thank you for the app sale.
I have been unable to access the watch face settings on both a Samsung Galaxy G4 and a new Samsung Galaxy Note 4. I have only been able to get the default face 8n the collection to appear and even that does not seem to be functioning correctly on my Moto 360. Shame because the faces look like they would be attractive on my watch.
Bundle was a great deal. My 3 favorite watch faces!
Watch faces are good. Never had a problem with any other faces on SW3 or Zen Watch. Simply will not send the updated watch chioce to the watch. It just loads and sits on the default face.
Keeps crashing wear app in settings menu
Incorrect date. Please  correct this.
Looks great and would love to set it as my main watchface, however it shows the incorrect date on the complication.
Facing some issues
10/10

Just awesome!  Beautiful! Well designed! Great job dev 👍🏻
Very nice aesthetics, excellent design
Simply awesome. Especially the screen saver.
Nice wear face
Fantastic
The daydream version of the app doesn't listen to the "half hour increments" setting.
Not able to configure Date and Watch battery together
Looks good, please bring this to Samsung gear
Thank youuuuuu
My one issue comes down to customization. I'm fine with finite background colour selection but think it would go a long way if we could choose our font colour, even if it's only between black and white. Other than that, this watch face seems excellent so far. It's easy to read at a glance and is logically constructed with a unique look.
Good idea without the detail needed for a paid app. Needs to allow many more customization options, including text colors, tick mark colors, how the date looks, etc. And something indicating seconds wouldn't hurt either.
The image used to advertise the watch-face is a little misleading - it doesn't seem to be scaled for Moto 360's - the date text, for example, is clipped to the right side of the watch face. EDIT: Changes made have improved the appearance significantly. Very nice.
a little lacking in customisation options. i'd love to choose colors in ambient mode (however this is a problem I face with nearly all watchfaces as it is not recommended by google themselves)
The watch face doesn't show up in the list of available watch faces on my phone or watch. Am I missing something?
Very good but OK google logo comes up over the clock its self every time it turned on . Thank you for the reply. Fixed it.
This app is very minimalistic with little control. However, if you are someone like me who just wants a watch face to just be that; you will like this app. It has easily become my favorite watch face since my purchase of this app.
Great watch face. I think the concept is unique and unlike any other watch face on the Play Store. I'm using this as my daily driver for the foreseeable future.
Love this watch face,  if they can add weather temperature and battery it will be the best watch face.... Good work... Any chance for 24 hours clock?
Customization only allows for background color modification...very limited.  Also, notifications don't show in ambient mode....that is unacceptable.
Too late to refund my mistake
Many watchfaces tend to phone it in with their ambient display face but this does not!
Love this minimal design look! And awesome part is the extra feature on the "daydream" for the phone/tablet!
I like the watch face but like others a little more customization would be nice. I wish it had a 24 hour mode
...well, all I want is a 24h option, but it could affect the "gear" shapes.
It looks off. Cool watch, but it's not centered on the 360.
Not compatible with Huawei Watch.
Please update app so that it can run on Android wear 2.0 watch paired with iOS.
The product works very well I am very satisfied with what I have. However it is a little limited on customization.
No peek cards in ambient mode. Refund .
Looks great. After we get 24 hour mode I can start using it
Great watch face!
And it looks cool
Roto gears
Sexy
UPDATE - Contacted the developer.  Within the hour, heard back, implemented the suggested solution and it worked immediately.  TOP NOTCH SERVICE!  I love the designs for every watch face they make and great service to go along with it!  ---------------  ...however its not showing up on my Moto 360 nor the Android Wear app.  I'm using 5.0.2. I love the other watch faces you offer...the best of the bunch in my opinion.  However, the low score is because I can't even use this face after purchase.  Please help!
None of these are free. They redirect you to another app that costs money to actually get the watch face.
Refunded
Great looking watch face, but please add a few customisation options. At the very least I'd love to be able to select the smaller peek cards. Also, the ambient mode needs work.
The date was completely outside the box
Just a suggestion, could you make the app eat the cookie when you tap the watch?
This is so amazing!! My favourite watch face EVER.
The only thing that could make it better is a second hand
I like the look of the face alot. The one problem I see is that there is no way to change the time before the watchface goes to ambient mode.  If there is a way please tell me.
No clock options are not worth the price
Super. Very beautiful and stylish. Love the options
Wait Its Already 10 pm time for me to clock out and go home!
i just bought two of your watch faces.. can this one have a update to change the colors like the other one that i purchase that has over forty different color themes..peace....
Cannot locate it on Galaxy S6 edge or moto 360. Please help
I can not find the app what hapen my watch is asus zenwatch .this app stolen my money
One of my favorites. Only request is to add the ability to reverse the high and low temp. I prefer to see the high temp first. Keep up the good work.
Need to make this for square face watches not only round
Too cool for words 👍👍😃
Since the launch of the badapps website, it has been my main source of watchfaces for my moto 360.  But I made the "mistake" of following the developer on google+ and saw this was going to be released. Had to have it and works as promised. Needs watchmaker, in case you dont have that app.
I have downloaded many a free, and paid watchface. Keep up the good work my friend.
If you own a round Android Wear watch, you should own these faces.
Cool watch face - even cooler developer
I have almost all your watches! Excellent quality......
Great stuff
Awesome work again François
I have tried contacting the developer for 4 days now asking for a refund, and they have flat out ignored me. I've emailed the developer everyday, asking for a status and I've only gotten one reply, stating that Google would be the one to provide a refund. According to Googles policy, once the time limit for a refund from Google has expired, it is the developer that will provide the refund. This developer has refused to even offer a reply for the past 4 days, unacceptable. Be very wary of this developer.
Similar to another review below, I tried installing the application but could not find a way to access the application anywhere on my phone. Clicking on the "application successfully installed" notification brings me back to the application's Google Play Store page. This seems to be an issue with either download/install or compatibility​ with my phone.
What can I say? Battery life is good, love the material design and animations, good, clean design, has the date and it's ewoks! 5 stars! Keep up the great work devs!
This watch face suits my TAG connected band.. which is orange.. love it... but the only thing that bothers me is the autonomy.. burn mode.. what is that.. overall great job
Awesome watch face. Has no extra info except the time and date. Always on versions of the ewoks are even cooler (just the outlines). Ewoks change from time to time after waking up the watch. Very easy to read the time.
This watch face is great for 3 reasons-material design, cute, great ambient mode. I just wish there was a battery meter.
This watch face is really cute BUT please add the option to make the time format 12h and option to show the battery percentage. Nothing more :)
Brilliant, works just fine, ignore the 1* reviews from people who can't work their own tech, works just as it says on the tin! Love it!
This is my favorite watch face
Downloaded it but can't   find it on my phone or on my watch apps is it normal
What more can you ask for?
Does not work for your phone in any way shape or form.
What is the difference between this and the paid one?
A very basic and good looking watch face. Currently one of my favourites.
I don't like military time.   Please make 12hr time an option.
A fun watch face!
Great, looks great yub yub
I love cute Ewoks
I'm in love!
Clean and simple.
Very beautiful 😇
Is.this compatible with gear s2 if so.how do I go about installing cant seem to figure it out
Adorable, bright faces and clear design.  I love them!
Love it! Any chance battery levels will be added?
Awesome! !!!!
One thing I noticed, the ambient mode notifications don't show up correctly. They hide behind the watch face.
Hi, OLED watches benefit from having as much pixels black as possible, so watchefaces with images similar to yours usually only show contours while in always-on mode. It also helps with the burn-in, and with the Ewoks it might even look pretty good!
I like the bright colors, but I'm not a fan of the military time. Can you add an option to change it to 12 hour display?
Love it!
While there are many minimal watch faces, some are perhaps a bit too minimal and make it a chore to read the time. This has found a great balance and has found its way to being my main watch face. I would love to be able to choose the color of the outer and inner ring separately though.
The ambient mode does not show anything on my Gear Live. It goes grey for a second, then the display goes black. Other than that issue, I love this face.
Love the design of this but ambient mode not working (Asus Zenwatch and Nexus 5) just goes grey then blank screen, see another reviewer has same problem but with different setup. Idea of having nice design is to show it off, don't want blank screen so not using 😩 hope it can get fixed soon, until then 4* for design but can't give 5* until can use it (know it's my choice not to but I want to! ☺).
It reminds me of the digimon crest of light (and courage).  Since I use that at a screensaver, I LOVE having that on my watch
Really like this style, any chance the 4 small dots are going to turn into more precise minutes?
I only have one issue, I would like an option to bypass the black and white face and head straight to the gear face. Part of the appeal of the Moto 360 is its ability to masquerade as a regular watch until I call up a voice command or swipe up a notification. The black and white preview screen sort of gives it away prior to showing off the android wear features. Other than that, it is absolutely beautiful and elegant, and in my opinion the only watch face in the play store worth the money.
Been in play store for two hours looking for a watch face for my 360. I really like this one. It's creative and I enjoy the colors of gold and how when it dims it becomes simple and just the elegant black dots best of both worlds. Wish the gear animation could be a little bit more detailed for the money but I don't believe the watch screens are there just yet. Hopefully with more purchases over time the shading and picture quality will increase but for now I could not have found anything better.
If you pay close attention you can see all the gears move 😨😅
Love how it looks. However I did notice it considerably killed my battery. I had the watch blacked out and I only had a few hrs of use with it, while i was at work. Moto 360.
This face has a very nice look to it, but the animation is not smooth at all.
I do not particularly like the way it looks on moto 360. And I paid for this app,  too.
A premium look for a premium watch...my favorite face yet!
One of my favorite moto 360 faces
This is really nice watch face.
Love the look!
It looks good though not as good as graphics advertised. However after installing it weird things started to happen. When placed on the charger the watch freezes until taken off and I couldn't make screen to come up by raising hand gesture. It's back to normal after uninstall. Perhaps not even the developer fault
... i uninstalled it, looks nice & realistic, but i feel better with simple "classic" faces. Nice surprise is that all gears are moving =) ....  However, for someone can be no1 choice =) ....
I am having issues with the app. I used to have it long ago and was working nice. Now for some reason you cannot freeze the background so when you swipe it changes and also i found a bug in s8 plus. When i am in the home screen, if i tap anywhere it automatically swipes to the end of the image. Very annoying.
Skyline is beautiful, esp love that It goes to night when the sun sets, and begins to go to day when the sun rises in real time. No better way to see my home town and also with having the choice of the brooklyn bridge
Love this app so much! gaze at it for ages ..loved my visit to New York and it's like being back there :)
I love the scenery of this app. They need to make more apps like this
I'm a huge fan of nyc and I are so happy I found this app. Works perfectly.
Thanks
Well worth 58p more so when it all lights up at night.go on treat ya self you wont be dissapointed:-) :-)
Not working as per my current location
Beautiful New York Wallpaper that is multiscreen with automatic scrolling. Apps on Air has been upgrading their wallpapers to scroll. I have been told that this would happen and they are making their promises true. Great city & beautiful photography flowing seamlessly across my Galaxy Note 3.I screen. Promises kept & reviews also upgraded. I love this company's creations. Ena
Is the sky suppose to be grey before it's pink for sunset? Or is the pictures in wrong sequence?
What about night?!?! No good night picture!! Only late afternoon!!  Post corrected, and rated 5 stars. It is EXCELLENT that you listen to your customers!! Awesome!! By the way, BEAUTIFUL night picture!!
Works great on my galaxy s3. Would like views of Columbus circle,  Times Square,  would be nice.
Needs other scenes, otherwise good.
I use a number of live wallpapers and this is hands down my favorite. Extremely well done. Try it, you'll really like it as well.
Would love to see some fireworks at night
Like city scenes.
Very Smooth & Work's Really Nice On My Samsung Galaxy Note 2!!!    5+ Star's to the developer!!!!
Great app...wish there was other backgrounds in the city to use....
Very cool app for a very cool city
I love New York!!
Great App
Nice
FANTASTIC
Nice way to showcase the city.
Amaaazing, you feel like you've been in NYC!
Love this city, love this app...
Looks great with defaults.  Hope you like them because none of the options "available" work on the free version.  Ambient mode doesn't change, no matter what you set it at.  Makes me not want to try the pay version because I'm afraid of the same issues.
I have a problem with Android Wear 2, I can't see the watchface in the smart watch. Any suggestion?
Love the simplicity but they are dishonest in that what they tell you you can do with edits, you cannot do. So I will uninstall and give poor ratings until it is fixed.
Nice looking watch face but no matter how I set the ambient mode in the app, it doesn't change on the watch. It only displays the default bient mode regardless of how the app is set.
I can't customize this at all. The changes done in phone never reflect on watch. Using pixel 2xl and Huawei 2classic
Nice looking watch face. Love the uncluttered look.can we get the option of displaying the phone battery instead of watch battery?
Can't customize at all, if it could have ambient mode turned off so the red second timer is always moving I'd be willing to pay money.
How the hell make it work with my smartwatch , no metter what face i choose it doesn't work.  Fabulouswatchfaces - u r the dev . Please explain this
Cannot change any settings, does not update - fossil q explorist
It is a good looking watch face app but it doesn't let you customize anything
The concept is great but I can't change it from the default display to digital only.
Looks ok, customisation does not work.
Super integrated with my Moto 360 and Moto Z Force! Love it!!!
would be better if it was customizable
Nice simple and stylish
Good quality
Nice & Simple
Good
If you're planning to customise to digital watch face or change the colours at all, don't bother. Any changes you make don't actually update on the watch and the watch face constantly crashes meaning the face changes to a default theme. Never had watch faces crash before, waste of Internet data downloading 0/10
I turned off the ambient mode because I like the original hands better, is there a way to turn off the complications? I don't need them and think it clutters up the watch face
Dude, let me tell you, this is the best, snazziest app I have ever seen before! Very intuitive, responsive, and very fancy according to my review, and even runs smoothly on my ASUS ZenWatch! 🤑👍👍
Doesn't transfer to watch face at all.  This app needs to be updated and at least calibrated to allow the changes to happen so that it works well.
Nice. Would far prefer that the battery showed my phone instead of watch battery. I don't really need to know my watch battery as it always lasts the day.
You have the best quality looking watchfaces I have came across so far.
This face no is compatible with wear  2.0
Just a clean simple look. I like that it is analog but with on option to show digital when in ambient mode.
Downloaded but can't find in Android Wear nor watch. Pls help.
Really like it, but wish it showed my phone battery instead of my watch battery.
Texts, hands are too dark
It's ok. I like it!
Best watch face!
Love this watchface!
Nice W face
Veryyyyy beatiful
Good
Its crashing on my Huawei Watch
Looks good, but I wish the dark grey was true black.
Weather widget doesn't update automatically anymore
Weather is not displaying just shows -C
This app is great, but what would make it perfect is the option to make display "date" into numbers *IE 1/15/18 or a combo display like: Mon 1-15-2018 this could be a simple update that would make the watch app one of the best in the market! Pls add this feature! PLEASE!!
Originally I was a fan of Morphing Watch Face. Now that we are using Android Wear 2 I am disappointed in this watch face. My main problem is when I click on the steps it will go to google fit and show me the actual true steps but the watch face still shows the incorrect steps.
Love it!
EDIT: 3 stars were indeed a bit unfair of me, it is still the best whatch face I managed to found around.  Simple and essential watch face, could be perfect for those who want a no-frills, yet customizable, watchface. I say "could", because the the watch face has the annoying habit of inadvertently entering the settings (a long press anywhere on the screen is enough, with no "lock" system EDIT: this is apparently the default beahviour for all watch faces - but then thema should introduce some other option for of locking the colour schemes and the settings.). , so when i carry my watch around I often find myself with all my colour schemes and complications randomly modified...
Fantastically easy to customize and looks great as well. A great watchface for those looking to have numerous interactive features with a clean, colourful look. Well worth 99¢.
I love this face! No other compares to the simplicity and elegance.   *UPDATE* I had to uninstall the watch face from my watch AND my phone in order for it to work again after the Android Wear 2.0 update. Also, the watch application is run through the Android Wear app unlike before when it had its own application.   The dev team contacted me immediately to help me resolve my issues.
After upgrading phones, I was unable to find the Morph app in my Android device or on my Moto 360. After writing a review I was giving guidance from the developers on how to correct the issue. This is a good app with good support.
Looks great, quite a few options, and very functional. One improvement I'd like to see involves the countdown for the next agenda item; displaying both the hours and minutes takes up too much real estate. Given the space available, I think it would be better if say for example 10 hours and 30 minutes were displayed as 10.5 hours.
Can't find it after installing, all I can do is update it, and uninstall it. I want my money back, but have no idea of how to contact anyone  I have a Samsung Gear 2 watch.  The app appears in installed apps, and I can upgrade it from there, or remove it, but I can't find it in the ful app list in my phone.
Love this watch face! Works great on Fossil Q.  Does everything I need it to do and it is not complicated at all.
At first it wouldn't come up on my watch (zenwatch2). Emailed dev and within an hour dev had uploaded a new version to playstore. Did the update and works like a charm. Love it!
Love how simple thus app is and how customizable it is with the change of colors on your smartwatch face
Nice and simple, good options.
Great watchface for my Fossil
Work's great.... love it
I love this watch face.  I am using it on a Huawei and everything is working fine.
Kept crashing.
I really do like this watch face, but for some reason the "morphing" part (aka the 'wave' that moves) doesn't stay on the screen. After awhile, it just animates right off the screen, making it really hard to read what the complications and battery say... very fustrating
Setting the AW2 complication to "Android pay" crashes the watch face. Also you cannot select 60 minutes heartbeat refresh from the phone, but you can on the watch (Huawei 2 Classic)
I would give five stars but I have no idea how to reset the custom complications after they have been set the first time. Amazing app just a little more info on how to use it would be much appreciated 😃
The numbers are big enough, the customizability is great and if a notification comes in, none of the screen elements get in the way of each other WITH ONE EXCEPTION. If you have the battery the battery icon set to on in Ambient mode and you get a notification, the two elements will clash making it hard to read. It's a good thing one or the other can be turned off to avoid this problem. I wish there were some sort of feature that could hide the battery while a notification is up, but this isn't a deal breaker for me. While this Morphing theme doesn't have the awesomeness and animations of the Tron-styled Vector theme, it's simple and gets the job done while still being nice to look at.
Did not open.  What's the deal?
Great
Look and function of watch face is good.  Customer service is awesome!  I had an issue with opening the companion phone app, and they helped me through my misunderstanding until it was solved.
When I bought this app, I thought it offers excellent pre-defined color combinations for the watch face, but it is not there. It is difficult to come up with nice color combination. I would like my money refunded for this app.
Tried download, uninstalling, then installing again. App wouldn't launch. Pretty disappointed.
Ok face watch but no response from developer at all. It's been more than 2 weeks now with no response.
I like this watch face a lot. The settings are nice and useful. The watch face shows everything that I need to know.
My go to watchface.
Great watch face highly enjoy it.
It's good, but theming options for fonts on screen, icon themes on widgets will make it 5*
I have a Asus ZenWatch 2 and I have been having a hard time finding a good square watch face that makes good use of the form factor.  I wanted a watch face that can report my phone and watch battery life, weather, and Google fit steps.  I tried a couple facer faces that seemed to slow down the watch and burn through battery.  This face seems to be battery friendly, displays clearly all of the data I want while the watch performance is not sluggish at all.  Overall my favorite watch face.
15 minutes with it and things seem to work alright with my original Moto 360.
Just what I've been looking for. You can access other apps quickly and change with ease the apps you want to display.
Clean look with great customization and useful widgets. Makes my smartwatch all the better.
Works well on fossil watch. Awesome color options.
It's awesome
Great app for Asus watch..works great..
As far as abstract watch faces go, this is well readable and has a good array of color settings. Unfortunately, on the Moto 360 this face isn't so great; it really emphasises the flat tire which cuts into the 30 minute circle. Without the flat tire, this would be much nicer.
Absolutely love it. Keep it up! Make more.
This is a brilliant watch face, I love the design
Like this interface...
Although the dev only shows this on circular watches, if you zoom out the analogue hands it works really well on square faced watches as well.  Love it on my Zen watch 2
Would really like a full colour ambient display. Would look great in Huawei Watch in colour rather than black and white
There aren't too many watch faces that I love. This is one of them
Good app and the best customer service support well worth buying
Wish developer's would state this beforehand
I had issues but the app. Is good
Looks great on my Zenwatch. Smooth with lots of options. Works well. Especially like the interactive hide function. Nice work.
Works and looks great on my Urbane .Great work
Freshness.
Won't download to my watch. Please refund my money.
Perhaps I have poor taste, judging by the other comments, but I rather like this face. I like the design, and the ambient mode is pretty good in its own way while also possibly preventing burn-in and being fairly readable, and as for the main face, I like the little details in it, such as the edge of the rotating gear that sticks out in the date window.
Not amazing, but not bad either. I think a lot of people here are being a bit harsh. It's very simple for what it is and that is both good and bad. Good because it's a nice, basic watch face with just a touch of pizazz. Bad because the ambient mode is meh and the customization options aren't great. Overall though, I like it!
This is by far worst watch face design I have ever seen in my life. I've never had to uninstall a watch face untill I came this ugly face.
It won't load on to my Android phone's screen, why? And concider making the face a more appropriate and beautifully thought out and designed space themed starry background with the earth as part of the functions
I've haven't immediately uninstalled a face yet until this one. The ambient view sucks and the regular view isn't much better.
This is so beautiful. I have not changed it in over a week. I get complements daily.  I love the details. I feel like if it came in other colors I would buy them all. And this is free. It's great and smooth on the Moto 360 2ND gen
I thought this was a fun watch face to use. It is simple with no real customization, but the rockets orbiting around the moon is different.
Just wish there was an option to change the hands to normal watch hands, instead of the moonlander and orbiter.
Like this style. However I think you could do better. Give us more customization just like Watch Face of Ben
It took awhile to get used to, but now I love it!
Grainy graphics
Not super fancy
Doesn't do anything. Won't load. Not even a button to put in on watch.
But still love it!
Sometimes ok just wanna have  fun greate
Looks great, but it's a battery killer.
I loved this from the second i got it.
I like it
Good option for a free app.
Useful lunar information
It's beautiful
Very stylish.
Beautiful!
Watch
Nice
I do not care for the gold effect. Also, dim mode is rendered poorly. Nice try,
Stops responding immediately after selection
Looks beautiful on my Moto360
Like
The 21C thing at the bottom near the day I can presume Is the temperature, doesn't work it was 15 and it said 22, fix this please
Can't go to settings to update anything, wrong weather
Every time I try to change settings it forces closes please fix this
App crashes when using my moto 360 and Sony Xperia M5
Crashes when loading settings. Also battery percentage and weather are wrong
Crashes instantly repeatedly. Worthless.
Can't change settings.  It crashes
Can't switch to Fahrenheit
Would love to change settings but it keeps shutting down
Good, crisp could add date
Good face keeps stopping
Crashes
Nice watch face. After install on phone I found it would only install on watch when it gets on the charger. It would be nice if the "time to ambient" had an option between default and ten seconds as the default 3-4 seconds is too short and 10 is too long.
Great face. Great ambient mode. Super control panel with lots of options. Not a battery hog. Installed in a few seconds on my LG Urbane 2. Kudos to the developer!
😎👍 Great on Android Wear 2. You have to wait a couple minutes or so for download prompt on the watch after phone install. Works flawlessly. (swipe up to see prompt/progress) Also it's awesome being able to change the color of the LED background. This is definitely one of the best watch faces on the market. 🤔 Although it would be great if we could have custom color for our ambient, not sure why it still has preset colours only. Maybe they could at least add orange
I love this watchface.  I had to reset my gear 2.  I have installed and uninstalled the watchface multiple times and it never syncs to the app so I can use the watchface.
My favorite watch face. Application works perfectly on LG G Watch R running Wear 2.0, you just need to install it on watch using Google Play from the watch itself not only on the phone. You can see the apps installed just on phone by scrolling down in Google Play App screen on watch or probably by searching it.
Doesn't show as a watch face in Android Wear 2 after installation. LG G Watch R.
Good .....
My go-to watch face. Exactly what I want, nothing more to say!
I use this face most of the time
Clean and straightforward, yet very eye catching, especially on my LG G Watch R.
Love this watch face but it goes through about 10% battery per hour. I had to uninstall. Usually get about 3% on my Moto 360
Missing the option to set the  background colour. Add this option and it would be a five star rating all the way. This face keeps getting better . the option to see temp reading would be cool . hint hint )
I had to get this for my G Watch R when I first saw it because it reminded me of my old Casio Digital watch. The fit for the round screen is perfect. Plus, the option to change the LED screen color for active and ambient modes (cyan or yellow truly delivers the nostalgia home, IMO), as well as lower the brightness to reduce the risk of pesky burn-in sells the app for me. Now it's a mainstay for my watch, along with my PIPBoy and my formal analog watchface. Worth every cent.
The display looks good and is easy to read.
Best watch face!
Very elegant design. Only annoyance is that it uses the month-day format instead of either the regional settings of your phone or as a customisable setting of the app. UPDATE - quite correct, the latest version allows a day-month format. Great stuff...
My favorite watch face. Now with choice of color it's even better :-)
Nice watch face
If you have any doubt about this watch face you shouldn't. It is very good with battery life and if anything helps prolong life. Very easy to customize in menu.
Love it but was dispointed that there was no drawing for ambient mode (same as ur f04 watch) however m not refunding as i kno ull add that feature in an update soon cheers
Been looking for this watch face!
Love it, one of the best, and everything is configurable too
Would be good if you could change the colour for the normal mode.
Would get 5 stars if could change date format to day/month and if weather could be added. Update: Developer added date format! Now 5 stars!
Wow what a update this is the best screen by far for the lg g watch r top job guys
The color choices are good, customization settings are excellent. Face indicators for airplane, no connectivity, silence, etc do not follow color system and are out of place.
The watch face is nice and clean with no distracting or irrelevant information. The choice of colours in ambient mode is also very good.
This would be even better if I could choose always color mode in ambient mode like most the other watch faces can form this app maker.
Will not show connection to LG g watch r
Would be great if you could choose background colour,  and date format.
interface with user/watch is a  nightmare! Keep searching...
I like it on my LG watch R
...I had a watch like this when I was a kid.
Really love the design.
Great looking watch face
This is by far my favorite watchface, in my 3 days of using it, it has crashed a couple of times. I would however guess it wasn't the watchface as I have been using my watch quite heavily. All in all, impressed
Need to test latest update. But battery drain is bad. Apart from that its a nice looking watchface with a nice app..
The watch constantly reverts from this to the default face.  Have this problem with other faces from the same developer (not with other developers though)
It looks great. But hate the ambient mode
Bureaux makes the best faces! Look great and work perfect no crashes yet on any face!  (Note edge & LG g watch r )
I love this one but just needs to show battery percentage.
None of the menus opened
Quality app. Coming from Watchmaker I was disappointed I couldn't add graphics but it is a  far superior app to Watchmaker. More reliable and not buggy. Very easy to make a slick looking, quality, information based watch face. Can assign the new wear complications (Facer can't). The editor is easy to use and fairly intuitive. Pujie is my new favorite!
Very buggy on my phone, often edit menus stop opening or the app just opens to a black screen. Clearing data fixes it (make sure to save faces as you go). Once it does stay good, it's fantastic for customising!
overall very nice app. Do not like it needs to stay running in order for steps,weather to update. step info only syncs from google fit rather getting directly from watch sensor like the default watch faces. the app also now makes permanent bluetooth connection, unlike the "fake" connect on default which i can still connect to car audio.
Easy watch face creation. Worth every penny! I made exactly what I wanted in 2 minutes. Pujie has everything I was looking for. Beautiful templates and presets that let you customize everything. I tried several other watch face apps with in-app purchases that were too complicated and too expensive.
After "One moment please" my note 8 just stays on a black screen. This happens whenever I reopen the app. I have to always delete the data in settings for it to start again. I was able to make a watchface I like but can't edit it because of this bug.
I have purchased the app on my phone, I still need to purchase on my watch again?? Whenever I try to download on my watch it asks me to pay! can't get it work at all! What's wrong?
Will not update on my watch.  All meters/weather icons are frozen.  Does not work on Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with Moto 360 2nd Generation.  Sad app.
I hate this app. It gives me so many beautiful watch faces which makes my life so hard to pick one from ;)   Huge thanks to the team for building such an elegantly designed app. Well done guys.
I've used this watch face since AW 1.0 on my original Moto 360, and it's still my watch face of choice on my LG Watch Sport.  Lots of customization and great features.  I only wish that live text was a little bit more customizable.  I'd love to have conditional text, so that if I don't have any upcoming events, the text simply hides instead of saying "no events".
Spent hours getting into this. Really very customisable. Only bad point is when using live text there seems to be a bit of battery drain. To be expected but it is noticible. If this was fixed then it would be near perfect.
I love this app! It is exactly what I was looking for! I never pay for apps but for this one, I just had to.  My one gripe, and it's a pretty big hindrance, is that the app does not show up on my watch. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app to no avail. I really wanna start using my awesome faces, so HELP!  I have a Moto 360 1st Gen and a ZTE Max Pro.  (All other warchface apps show up except Pujie.)
Dude. DUDE. Have been trying to find that perfect custom watch face app for several weeks. This is the first one that hits the sweet spot between style, customization, simplicity and reliable battery life. Wish I stumbled upon it sooner, excellent work friend.
"send" does nothing... Can't get the watch face sent to the watch. No error message either. This is pretty much a dummy so on my phone now.... Can't believe I paid for it
Best watch customization app there is. Nothing like this app anywhere and totally worth it. My only problem is that after creating a watch face it won't sync onto my Moto 360 (1st gen). The app won't show up and android wear. Hoping to get a little help to resolve this. Its 5 star worthy if it can be fixed.
If I could give any criticism about this watch face manager it's that now I can't stop tinkering. Absolutely worth every penny!! Keep up the great work!!
A good choice if you like unfussy watch faces. They can be as fussy as you like but it is fairly easy to make something simple. I like to be able to see the essentials without glasses. My watch face allows this.  Doesn't show Wear 2.9 unread notification dot. Doesn't support long text complications. Fix these and five stars will be yours!
Goodness, I can't believe I purchased a watch face app that drops support for Wear 1.x just because it's not the new thing anymore. Reinstalled thrice, with my first attempt waiting 48 hours hoping it would appear on the list of available watch faces but nothing happened. It WAS a great app but it's no longer useable as far as Wear 1.x is concerned.  Some people stick with their old watches even if it's outdated you know (Moto 360 1st gen).
Astounding transitions.However missing some features to knock this out of the park: making hands is a chore and the default are lacking, numbers can't be changed to follow the circle of the watch and no custom image backgrounds. Want to use it but the watches either look the same or fake.
Took a while to get back working.  Syncing between Android Wear app wasn't smooth after switching to a new phone.  Just left installed for a few days before it started working.  My favorite watchface app for the Moto 360.  Thanks for the support getting it working again.
A FANTASTIC app, even for users of the Ticwatch where you may be using Android Wear with an iOS device.   One downside I have noticed is you cannot customize the color of the watchface if you don't have the app like I described above. Could we get color customization in the watch app itself?
So brilliant, so customisable. I keep finding more things that it can do. Great community of awesome watch face makers too.
I installed it on my xperia XZs with oreo. And my watch is Sony Smartwatch 3 but pujie watch face or app is not showing on my watch even aftwr I restart watch and resync apps many tym from Android wear app plz provide solution.
Amazing watch faces for Android wear.  Battery life is better than most stock pre-installed faces.  I am at 40-55% after a full 16 hour day of moderate use.  Other watch Facer makers drained the battery in 10 hours sitting on a desk in dark mode.  Pujie is so much better, this is the one you want!  You can customize so much and make amazing faces, or just download some of the hundreds of great one already made for no additional fee.  The only down side is that since it's vector based not image based, there isn't much in the way of logos or cartoons.  Just amazing, efficient, customizable awesomeness.
Built-in complications update through the phone, which means they aren't timely, and support for 3rd party complications is awkward since the possibility of using them isn't even hinted at through the phone app. When I sync settings on the phone app, it clobbers my external complications, even when I select "keep external complications settings" (why even ask, then?). The only way to get grayscale ambient mode is to manually set the color of every element to some shade of gray. Keeps asking for permission for access to calendar, even though I don't use any calendar anything. Any configuration done on the watch doesn't seem to be sent back to the app (or at least, it happens very slowly), so when I change anything using the watch it leads to frustration. Color configuration is very detailed, almost anything can be changed independently of everything else. But that means if you just want to make ambient mode darker, you have to go in and adjust every element. Would prefer a decent colorpicker with reasonable presets over entering hex codes.
I just wanted some watch faces. Didn't want to design them myself.
Cant seem to change top drawer tap functions no matter which app i select or save/reload.... yes main settings tap functions edited, saved, watch and program re started etc
Wow! The is a must have for anyone with an Android Wear watch! Endless options is really the case here. One of the best built apps I have ever seen.
There is so much customisation available, and this app would get 5 stars, except the step counter is from Google fit and not the watch itself - is there a way to change this please?!
Once you take time to learn the app it's very powerful and intuitive. Very reasonable price for so many community made faces. Sometime google fit steps don't sync to watch face or app preset previews.
More animation to prevent screen burn in.. widgets  positions can change randomly in time while screen is always on .. not enough android built in screen burn in protection.
Amazing app. The editor is easy to learn and use, and I feel it gives me enough tools to design any face I'd like to wear. The developer was also nice and quick to reply to questions.
Superb collection of watch faces developed by a thriving community. The customization features are wide ranging and a delight with which to tinker. The community page for this app is an excellent resource for finding a multitude of various free watch faces designed be other users.
You can create pretty much any watch face you want with this app. Or download a bunch of very nice presets for free. Use them as is or tweak them to your needs.
Just bought it but dont know how to use it. Maybe take a time.
Flaky. Hard to sync, doesn't remember settings. Waste of money
Somewhat difficult to learn to use. But once you do learn, very powerful.
I got the app about 3 hours ago and I've already made 2 watch faces with custom properties! It's really simple and gratifying to use!
Every so often, when I look at my watch, it will bug me to download pujie black on my phone, despite the fact that it's already installed. Help!
Does not work with Moto gen 1
It's crazy, you can do just about anything on a watch face. Love the combinations, colors and and options. Great app for smart watch folks.
Fishy app
It says there are third party complications but I only am able to use watch and phone battery as well as the google fit stats
I can't see the weather complication after I purchased the premium version
Unable to install this face on LG Urbane. Able to install other faces
Just installed it on my Urbane 2. Nice watch face thank you.
Is cool play store
Bad!!!!  Dont download it!!!!!!  Waste of bundles.  Nkt!!!!!  😠😠😠😠😠😠
Make better shapes and designs please thanks
Didn't work
Hi
I like this watch face, however, the date seems to be stuck on September,16.    Is it showing the year instead of the day? (the day of the week is correct)
Just bought this watch face, I love the design and the personalization settings sync with my watch instantly. One disappointment is the fitness info are not working, HR & steps always showing 0. I want to keep this app, can support help to fix the issues? I'm using Ticwatch S powered by Android Wear 2.0.
Just bought this I like it but why does the heart rate light on the back of my Huawei watch 2 stay on all the time??? Kills the battery!!?? If I take my watch off at night I have to turn it off?! Please sort it
My favourite watch face at the moment. One star knocked off because the heart rate monitor complication doesn't work (always displays 0) with Wear 2.0 (on a Huawei W1). And yes, I have tried reinstalling.
Liked this so at first but now heart rate doesn't show up.  Reinstalled app a few times stil doesn't work.   I would love to give this app 5 stars but since fitness is a huge reason you would buy the app... and it doesn't seam to be working in rating it lower.
Good except the BPM doesn't work on LG G Watch. It gives me fake readings. I know this because the heart rate monitor does not come on and my table has a BPM of 56.
My favourite watchface, only issue is 0bpm on the heart rate reading. I am connected to Google fit and I want my readings to come from fit rather than the face as I don't want my sensor to be active all the time.
Automatic heart rate is not working anymore on LG Urbane 2. In fact no heart rate at all with this watch face. Sensor works under google fit...please fix this
Great watchface. The best. Heart rate works perfectly on Huawei watch 2. However with Google fit enabled, heart rate stops working. Would be 5 star with HR on Google fit
Heart rate sensor doesn't work. Useless to me without it.
Heart rate sensor is not working after android wear update 2.0. Please fix it. I already gave permissions.   Update: I reinstalled already, but no fix here. My watch is Huawei watch first version.
Great watch face, but let down by the Heart rate monitor and step counter not working when Google Fit installed.   I am using a new Huawei sport 2 watch  When I purchased there was an option for a refund and uninstall, 20 mins later I can't find out how to do this anywhere  Get the above sorted and this will be a fantastic Watch face and worth 5 stars
Would have been 5 stars  heart rate monitor doesn't work with huweai 2 watch.   If I disable Google fit it works but then I lose my fit data/foot count.   I shouldnt have to choose one or the other, I expect all data on a watch aimed at runners.
Heart rate and steps don't work on the watch face on my LG Watch Sport, and this is arguably the most important part of it. Google Fit and other watch faces have this data without issue, I've reinstalled and connected Google Fit on my phone. Please help!
Needs an update to resolve BPM issue which is not updating. Does consume allot of battery power. Very nice looking though.
C R A P. The information is not available on the watch face. Steps say zero ect. I did try to reply to the developers comment. I'm using a Huawei watch 2 .
Heart rate is not working after android 2.0 update on my moto360 gen2. It was working on the previous version. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but no luck.
I really like this interface on Huawei 2 but the BPM isn't working for me... If the bpm worked then this would be an easy 5 stars
One of my favorites. Nice big time numbers and you can easily read everything from a distance. Animated seconds ring with interactions for weather, calendar, stopwatch etc. Looks awesome on an AMOLED display of my Q Explorist.
Doesn't work and can't get a refund! Steps data always 0, hr data always 0, looks terrible on square screen of polar m600
Well it's nice looking but I bought it for the heart rate display. Oddly it's 61bpm just like the play store photo. Tested it and heart rate isn't working.
This watch face will not install on my Gear S2. I wasted money buying it. Disappointed!
Step counter doesn't update correctly main face on the LG Sport. Otherwise, excellent watch face
Couldn't get the heart rate to display nor the Google fit setting update button
Using on Huawei Watch 2. Overall a great, good looking, yet simple, watch face, but as with another reviewer deducting a star as the HR never displays anything other than 0.
The heart rate monitor on Huawei watch doesn't work at all. I have tried install and reinstall connect g fit and disconnect g fit nothing works
Heart rate didn't work, Google Fit data was wrong... Refund needed
Can either get step count to work with Google Fit, or the heart rate sensor to work without Google Fit activated. Will stick to a less attractive watch face that works right.
Love this face and very customisable. Had odd encounter with fit as would not connect but now seems OK, very odd so hoping issue all sorted.
Great, appealing design and tons of flexibility with the display.  Only issue is the heart rate monitor.  Using Moto 360 gen 2 and Android Wear 2.0
Great apps.  Does exactly what it says. I am using it on a LG urbane 2nd edition.
Pretty good watch face, step counter doesn't properly sync with Google Fit, would rate higher otherwise.
I keep wanting to use this but it's just not for me. I believe it does what it says but no so sure how accurate it is
Hr monitor doesn't work any more with wear 2.0!!
Very attractive appearance. I've never got the HR display working and after the latest update the step count doesn't work either.
Not useful.. had to go back to previous face
Step count doesn't work, heart rate monitor isn't working... won't sync... only thing good about it is the color adjustability.
Weather is not updating alone  It should be possible to change the steps on the watch face to something other, like calories...
The watch face looks really good, but unfortunately the heart rate display doesn't work and is constantly at zero
The step indicator don't work
Huawei Watch: heart rate monitor doesn't work, always displays 0
1 more star for English in the app. Another star for Fahrenheit and larger numbers. Other than that, nice watch. Great job with the update. 5 stars from me. Would love to see font size adjustment, and custom color setting.  Keep up the good work.
Would be 5 stars if font size can be increased by at least 2 points. Also, please centre the digital clock.
Very nice looking now. When it gets the customisation options it will be a definite five stars face
No battery info etc.. just time.
Time is small. Also no weather information and no date.
Get some more like these watch faces
It is so cool to see my watch
Dont know what to say
So beautiful !!!!
Very good
Nice
Beautiful
no settings what so ever, can't set speed of droplets, no battery indicators, no date, no weather, no steps counter..simple app and worthless...
I started getting text message spam the minute I installed this.
Doesn't even show up on my watch
maderchodo...
It would be awesome to allow digital and analog at the same time. Also appointments to show. So if I have meeting scheduled it would show up in the time ring similar to the lunch time. Some sort extended appointment view because android wear does notify me if I have a upcoming appointment soon.
I just bought a copy of your watch face and I am very pleased. Have you thought about interfacing with the calendar so you can show busy times throughout the day like you do with the lunch break?
The app is great and has a lot of customization but it would be nice to set individual times for each week day. I have one day in my week which is different than the others. Also please add option for break times in addition to lunch.
Using about 10% of battery for moto 360. It is the highest battery user of all on my watch. Higher than screen. Getting about 12 hours is all.  Edit- The first two days this watch face was the highest battery user but since it has dropped down and I am getting normal battery life again!
I work 11pm to 7am, but putting that in, the info tells me I have 30 hours left to my shift. I hope not! So for right now I have to leave the text off. The visual elements still work for me plenty. Just a shame the text is acting up for me..
This app is worthless to me until individual times can be assigned to each day, keep in mind each week is different times too. Would be great if it can use data from Google Calendar.
I originally had a five star review. But it's clear that the developer has stopped giving updates to this and still hasn't kept his promises. If the developer does update I'll change this to a 5.
I like the look of it but its shame you can't have individual times for each day and the app hasn't been updated for months UPDATE: doesn't work on night shifts with a break
Great watch face, use it all the time now, the only thing that it needs to get full stars is the ability to add in morning and afternoon coff break times aswell as i get 2 15 minute breaks aswell as lunch.
Very nice but I had one problem, my lunch break have 90 min and the setting is max 60 min. Maybe even more colors or manual color scheme. Can you make something about it ? Thanks
Great job with this app... Especially with the latest update.. I must admit when I first tried I thought it was amazing but then I got a bit bored because of the lack of customization so I had to change to other watch faces that offered more...latest additions tho made it jump back to my wrist again!  :)
I enjoy the black and white ones the best. My only two suggestions would be an option to vibrate (when you shift begins /ends and when you're lunch is nearing the end) and an option to customize the colors so we can get the colors we want ( like favorite sports teams ). Otherwise Great watch face guys
Amazing app, does everything I want! But I do have two small things that bug me and that's the second transition from ambient mode to active mode the screen is black and without color then switches back and it just bugs the crap out of me! The other one is to change the number/letter size of everything.
Looks like a nice watch face but it always crashes when I try to set it up so I never use it on my LG G watch R.
The app doesn't actually have a watchface. Just an app where you can customize a clock. The clock is really cool, but why can't I use it as a watchface on my Android Wear watch? It appears this is only compatible with Android Wear 1.x
But "OK Google" appears in an awkward place, would be better at bottom left.  Nice work otherwise😀
Hi, change phone language from turkish to english its working.   Good watch face... Thanks...                        Old comment "Not working in lg g4  Not working in lg g4 and huwaei watch, stop working."
I work Monday through Thursday.  It will not keep Friday marked as day off. I factory reset the watch and it seems fine.   It would be fun to put in vacation time or holidays just to give advice about goofing off.
But really need to remove icon from app drawer. EDIT: I received your reply THANKS! But that's the beauty of Android... Widgets don't need icons... Long press to set any widget then just tap on said widget to bring up setting... So much more useful then cluttering up app drawer. But again great watch face!
Thanks after the update I like the watch more and more. Thanks for the devolper . please try to add the 1 minutes precision to set the starting work time ( it will be good for people who have flixable work timing like me)
I love the concept of this app. But I work overnights so when I try and set it it doesn't register that it's am and pm. Would really love that option. Other than that it's greatm
Nice looking and practical. I love the info messages. Can we add a "time to go to work" option? A little vibration notifying it's time to leave to catch your train/bus would be awesome :-D﻿ Good job guys, keep it up!
Being able to customize things that it says like "grab a beer" to something else would be nice. I would also like to be able to see my phone's battery as well as the watch's.
Very good. Many of the complaints from the past version have been addressed in the recent update.
It's different hours every day. Make it so we could set different starting times and lengths of work and lunch times for different day. (U cna have a switch that would say "Same time for every day" and if u uncheck that then we could set different times for different day, thanks!!! :)
After installing, switch off Bluetooth and Turn Back on. Also Disable the phone developer options. Then it will sync any watch face...
This watchface is wicked! Such a cool concept, I love it. Really clean design - i'm so impressed. A perfect example of what Android Wear can do... Going to show off to all my friends! Great job.
Great watch. Love the countdown scale around the edge. Would love the option to change some of the messages that come up at certain times.
Love the concept. A dark theme option would be fun, but as it is it's still great. EDIT: Dev delivered on my suggestion!  I'd give it a 6th star, but that's crazy talk.
However, I would really like it if you gave us the option of stopping the top notification from being visible in the "dimmed" screen mode. Thanks!
Great job on the update.
I would love this if I could customise start time, lunch time(s) ect for each day individually. Not much to ask for the price.
Awesome. After newest update the dev has addressed everybody's requests and this is now my primary watch face. How about an area on face for weather. That'd be cool too
I would like it to be more flexible.
I really so like this watchface. I do work different hours several days of the week, so being able to set work times for different days would be great. Other than that, solid watch face.
Will give 5 start if you add the ability to set the time individually for each day. My schedule change every week.
Unnecessary battery drain for the LG G Watch in ambient mode.
I would like to set different hours for every day that I work. It would be 5 stars for sure and my daily goto watch face.
Excellent, but needs options for breaks and/or no break/lunch.
Amazing app, so many options!  Would like a square watch face to match my watch.
Needs a black background, not white, as on my LG G R wear when it saves from screen burn by moving the face about a bit every minute you notice the white around the edges and the clock stays white as well.
The face looks unaligned with a strange white square boarder. (moto 360)
I cannot be 100% certain but I believe this watch face caused the error of Android Wear has stopped working. I have a 1st gen Moto 360 and I was forced to reset the watch a few days after installing this watch face. I haven't had any additional issues with my watch after the reset but that of course includes not reinstalling this watch face. It's too bad as I liked the colors and interface.
Updated review. This is my current watch face. It's just nice to look at and fills the screen. Feature requests, sure. I'd love to see weather or my Google Fit steps count.  Also, to repeat what another reviewer write, I'd love the option to choose a single color or to change every hour, as it does now. Sometimes it's just a blue kind of day, or maybe I'm wearing Orange and want to match.
I like the looks but I user should be able to chose a color they want. Once that's a option it's a five star watch face til then I'll barely use it because it never matches my outfit
Very nice app, very nice color, i wish to have posibility to keep one single color if possible in future, i use app on sony sw3
I've tried hundreds of different watch faces and this is the one I've received the most compliments. I also enjoy the rotating background color, very cool
Like it a lot. If there was a pro version that allowed more control over the color palette, I'd definitely buy it.
Please try to find a way to add in battery level for watch & cellphone. Either icons or numerical percentage.
Good but pls add changing colors option! Change automatically to optional... :)
EDIT: Thanks 👍
Bold and fancy style.
Arty look. Loving it.
Truly love this!!!
Absolutely love it
Excellent
Loved it
Loved it
Like the design. Maybe the seconds should diaappear on ambient mode instead of just freezing.
One of my favorite watch faces. Is it possible to make an am/pm version?
Simple, cool, trendy.
Best app
Every superhero should have such watch ;-)
Downloaded this face and The Flash version and I love them both! Only piece of advice would be make daytime the default colors you start with. Haha I spent 15 minutes changing all kinds of colors around until I flicked nighttime to day and it was almost exactly what I wanted aside from some widget changes. The daytime is just much closer to what their symbols actually look like and was what I expected upon download. But overall very killer faces bro and keep up the good work. Also dropping 5 stars on Flash!
Hey dude. I cant use this and i dont know why. I have a galaxy gear s2 and it runs android wear but it still wont work. If you cant fix it i want a refund please
It takes at least 2 seconds to show up.  First it's just black screen and white  numbers.  Very awkward when you're trying to show your cool watch with a not so cool watch face.
Like the design. One thing tho (and have found same with Steampunk face) the step counter and weather widgets have stopped working, they just stay on default. Otherwise lovely app.
App does not work with android wear 2. Shows that it installed in the play store but does not show up on the watch or in the android wear app. DO NOT BUY!  Seller response: Word up Jonathan, well obviously something when wrong for you... try to reinstall it. Don't you think you're pushing it with the "not buy" comment tho? It's working for thousands of ppl, and i like to help but your bad faith is not making it easy.  My response: I've tried deleting, installing, and reinstalling. Maybe instead of using the same response to everyone that complains that it is not working with android wear 2 you might consider that you need to fix something. Then I will remove my warning to others not to buy.
I just purchased this watch face but it's not showing up on my android wear app and have no way of setting up on my Fossil Q Founder... my device is running Android wear 2.0 and phone 7.0 and I have power cycled both devices and waited like 15-20min and still nothing...
Can't get the watch face to load to my android wear app. I have a galaxy s8+ and a fossil smart watch... not happy..
The watch face does not appear on android wear on either my phone or my watch so I cannot select it. Google play says it is installed but I cannot find it anywhere so I can select it. Also emailed developer and not had a reply.
La aplicación tiene mucha inestabilidad, el panel de configuración se queda pegado y el reloj no funciona bien. Muy mala aplicación
Thanks.  Disregard the email I figured it out. You have to go on your phone to do changes.  It's perfect. Perfect perfect
Downloaded and re-downloaded and re-downloaded the app never shows up. Too bad, the product looks awesome. Would like to get what I paid for. Can this be fixed?
I apologize, should habe changed the review along time ago. Got it figured out and its literally the best watch face Ive seen.
I love this design for my watch. Ever since downloaded end used it the watch keeps freezing, so i had to resort back to mt other screen watch background.
Phone says app downloaded but can't find it anywhere I have the nav12 and it has an app but this one didn't show up. Help if u can gotta Huawei maybe not compatible?
Slowed my huawei watch down to a halt and was unusable. Was slow to respond when it did work and showed incorrect battery level of my phone. Waste of money.
I've just purchased the app, but there is nothing in my Android phone; Galaxy A7 and my Fossil Q Founder. Please fix it.
I run this watch face on my fossil q founder and a Galaxy s7 edge. Works flawlessly! Please make this face a theme for my galaxy!
I don't want to say it's bad. But I paid and downloaded my new face. And waited all day. Still no face downloaded.
This is one of my favorite watch faces. It is functional and looks awesome!
Tried downloading it 3 times. Doesn't show up anywhere in android wear, on the phone, in the watch
Can't get the face watch instal on my phone
It downloaded on my watch looks awesome but did not download to my phone?
love it!
Thumbs up
Not connected
The appearance and the customization abilities are awesome. That being said, it makes the watch a little laggy from time to time, the battery status of your phone doesn't always work or stay updated, and the automatic switch from Day to Night face doesn't work for me. Everything considered though, it is a pretty decent watch face. I'm using a Huawei watch with a Samsung S7 phone.
I love it. My only issue is the battery status for the phone is stuck at 70%. The watch battery status works great. Also, the weather isn't accurate with the weather on my phone. Minor issues and I know you're responsive, so that's why I still gave 5 stars.
I just updated my moto 360 now the face doesn't sync the correct phone battery percentage. Any clue??
Great looking watch face! Maybe you could tackle a Superman shield next. Just leave out the S to protect yourself ;-)
Keeps stopping comes up with unfortunately America has stopped on my LG urbane please  fix would give 5 stars as it is my favorite watch face.
This developer are putting amazing looking watch face in Google stall! Very please on this watch face especially on how much you can customize on it
O beautiful for heroes proved  in liberating strife,  who more than self their country loved,  and mercy more than life!  America! America! May God thy gold refine,  till all success be nobleness,  and every gain divine.
It was really hard to get the settings to stick. I had to turn the weather off like 6 times before anything happened. Same with the force.
Great look, great settings & options for u to change everything! Another winner! Thanx  PHLASH! Beautifully created & crafted faces for your wrist!
But I'm getting "has stopped working" message on my watch moto 360.
Cause 'Merica... Your talents in design are awe inspiring! Thanks for your works!
Love it
How about option to show phone battery? I don't use the custom word. That space could be used for other info.
Great watch face for you mericans' out there
Because #murica!
Great watch face! One of my best purchases so far. Only 1 thing missing to be 5 Stars of pure perfection: I beg the developers to please add a TRUE square design for us, owners of an Asus Zenwatch 2 with square screen. Please implement and the rating will be perfect!!, Thanks for listening.
It's a great looking watch face, however. The 4 Roman Numeral is IV not IIII.  Minor issue, but it bugs me.
Doesn't seem to sync steps or actually relate my heart rate
Good looking and functional watch face. Only issue I have is the steps are not showing or syncing to watch face.
Can't reset steps......I just keeps counting.
I cant install to my w1 huawi watch
Steps still dont reset, waste of money
I've got 2 other watch faces on my Sony SW 3 that connect to my Adidas my coach wrist hrm. But this one just didn't connect. A real shame. Was hoping it would so I got all info in one face.
It sounds promising but that's it. It didn't work.
Love the game, but wish the colors were a bit more vibrant as they look a little dull. Also wish it had sound like the original game.
No sound
Most Popular game I have ever played fantastically​, funniest app yay
Clean-cut, simply works, embodies the original.   --Only thing: Would be nice to have 'Confirm Exit' (or similar) on back key press; lost a high score by accidentally backing out- and app session restarted :/
This game on Sony Smartwatch 3 (square screen)  is broken. The buttons are all weirdly placed on the screen. Too bad :c Also the game shows unnecessary notifications. Can you please write me once you fix the issue with square devices? Thank you.
The colors or overlapping on the watch making it useless as of now. Please fix.
All the colors overlap and couldn't use.
Colors overlap on a square phone (SW3), making it impossible to see or play...
Not great
edit: score upped due to updates
Just improve the graphics and look of the app pls
Nice game
Easy and fast! You'll love it!
Cool, something to pass time!
I tried to install it, but it wouldn't load onto either a moto 360 or an LG g watch. I could only play it on my phone, which is NOT what I was looking for or what was described.
It's boring as well as irrelevant game.
Will not work on the Asus Zen watch
Md Toriqul Islam

ok
Good
Love it, too bad the AM/PM is cut off on the moto 360... :(
I wanted a minimalist look with some extra features, but every watch face I found seemed to either not be as customizable as I'd like or used low resolution watch hands/text and it was very noticeable to my perfectionist eye. This is truly the absolute best watch face app I have found for Android wear with the perfect amount of customizability as well as great visual aspects. Will never uninstall this face.
This is the nuts. There is so much to choose from in the realms of customisation and the ambient lighting looks brilliant too. Good work. Only suggested improvement is; I cannot see how to add steps onto the circles - if you could do this, even better. Thanks
Not sure what it is syncing with but it's saying 20k+ when all my other apps are saying 2k. The rest is fine, I was skeptical at first but you can really add your style and look unique yet classy.
Would be nice if the digital clock can be put in 24 hour mode. Also cards are translucent background which make them hard to read
Constantly crashes on open. Used to be my favorite watch face, now the app doesn't even work.
Was looking for a good watch face for last 1,5 month. I think I will stay with this one for a while.  I only hope that dev will provide support for complications (unleass it is already there)
Good app although I can't see my watch hour and minute hands when the screen dims! Strange bug.
I just downloaded this yesterday for my Fossil watch that I got for Christmas and it has made my watch crash once. Other than that I love the the nice and simplistic design.
"Watch not reachable" problem fixed with latest update, so very happy to restore my original 5 star rating. Thanks!
So, this does make a nice watch face, and it seems to use power more efficiently than most custom faces, but you have few options of customization like no ability to have an accurate minute hand, no custom background etc.  If that is what you want,  look elsewhere.
Very good quality faces!! Although there are 3 main options missing:  1. Configuration of the ambient mode 2. Steps counter as an option for the small circles 3. 24hr time for the second time!!
Req.: 1) Shades of gray (light, medium, dark) on color palette. 2) Please fix step counter. It shows all time recorded amount of steps rather than daily.
I love the customization options. The interface is simple yet has many useful features. I love the default faces on the G Watch R, and this is just as good as any of those. Definitely recommend.
Thanks for your work but maybe if you can add a custom location for the weather like the Odyssey watch face. I find that to be more reliable, plus I usually have my GPS turned off.
4 stars, definitely will give 5 if you can add (a) combined indicator for phone and watch in digital and analog mode (b) second time zone indicator in 12/24 mode (c) first time zone indicator in digital format in 12/24 mode (d) add white colour for highlighting
Wouldn't mind a few more accessibility functions such as opening up calendar / fit directly through the face - offered on a few others - but definitely the best looking and most customizable faces I've seen.
I had purchased this previously, went to set a watch I made and app could not connect to watch. Went to my apps on Google Play and the app was back to .99. I'm all for supporting devs, but come on now
Great looking, it's easy to understand and customize, 95 download five star rating and only 2 one star rating, you know it's a keeper, just flat out awesome..
Would be even better if the digital clock could be switched to 24-hour-mode and we had an option to set the opaque background for the cards... Otherwise - perfect!
I like this watch face. Can you add setting for ambient mode, because the white part is to bright. Maybe we can adjust the color or simply the brightness for ambient mode.
At time of writing, this is my fourth watch face from this developer. It looks amazing and has wonderful customisation. My new favourite!
Awesome watch face however it states in google play that it does step counter yet it doesnt as far as i can see on moto 360
This developer makes the BEST Android wear watch faces. Being able to disable minimum ambience is what I want. Look forward to next face. Thanks
This seems great, however the watch battery spot on the watch face is showing it at 100% when it is at 70%, not sure why this isn't working but hope they fix it
Like it alot. Has lots of customization options so you can make the perfect watch face to your liking.
It's pretty and tells you things... Customizability is pretty good too. Would like more options though.
Eazy to customize, looks great, and has all the right features.  Better than 99% of watch face apps out there.
Nice watch face, some configuration options (not much though), but do the job and do not drain the battery.
Great simple face, performance is good with smooth animations.  Like the default interactive mode that brings ups simple text info and stats.
It is by far the "beautifulest" watch face I had. Customizable with a professional look and simple with a artistic touch!
I wish there was a way to integrate calendar next appointment function on the face.. Particularly from the outlook app
Huge hands all zoomed in. M bugfix isn't fixed. Nexus 5 6.0
I love it but this could use some more customizations.
Awesome watch face tells me all I want to know in a glance
Would it be possible to add a completely white background with black accents?
Great . I did not see this much characters in any watch face. Thumbs up!
Wish it had more options for the hands!
It's good but are not bright,  overall very good
This app is great. Would be even better with an orange colour option!
One of the nicest watch faces out there, I am impressed.
Very beautiful watch face but the card preview kinda ruin it, hope u make an option to disable the card preview in the next update. EDIT: thanks for the quick reply and update, one of my favorite watchface
A very nice face that isn't complicated.  Unfortunately, card previews cover up the face.
Giving it a go......JUST DO IT......
Pretty good. Only complaint is that the red colour is too hold and the always-on is just dimmed
The ambient mode needs to be darker than this. Need to keep these batteries lasting longer. Otherwise it's pretty cool.
The watchface keeps stopping
Good Nice 😍
Pretty cool app using on Fossil Q Marshal very nice faces and one of the coolest watch face app on play store a must download for Android Wear Users
By far my favorite out of all the watch faces I've tried. Looks great and works perfect on my Zenwatch 2 and Fossil Q Founder 2.0. Recently purchased a Samsung Gear S3 Frontier and would absolutely buy this watch face again for my new Tizen watch if it ever became available.
App does not allow me to change background color. Tried for 2 hours and followed advice of developer but to no avail. Disappointing because it shows promise.
Awesome.
Simply, Amazing
Face does not work on the moto 360 using Samsung note 3. Tried reinstall. Any idea how to make it work can rate it properly then?
I've used other watch faces, but this one isn't working on my watch for some reason
Nixon mission
Lots of options.  One of my favorites.
Simple
Good
Beautiful designs, lots of different designs to choose from, nice control to add or customize each design to your liking.  Great work!
Dev listened to my feedback. Good support, from 2 stars to 5. :)
Does look good and no second charge to unlock premium functions unlike similar apps
This developer listen to feedback to add always on mode (no ambient on moto360 looks better because it's LCD).  so 5 stars on this
This is the most beutiful watch face.very good job 👍
This watch is awesome. I have like 4 paid ones from this developer.
This is a gorgeous watch face and the latest edition of a step counter makes this perfect. Credit to the developers for reaching out to help resolve any issues, as they did with me on a previous update. Well done.
Looks great on round and square watches. Has all of the information I want to see.
So far I have had No issues with the watch face. It seems to work find on my Urbane.
I thought the gears and bearings would move when I saw the picture before buying. Slightly disappointed that it is static.
The screenshots for 1 and 6
Why is it running in the background when not active?
Very nice
OMG it is beautiful on my watch. I love it. Could not find at first but I had to go in my watch in the play store and download. Gorgeous thank you
Wish it had a few more faces, but really love it all the same.
Downloaded the app but can't find it to put on my watch face.
Nice picture easy to use
Dummy friendly.
Very nice and elegant
It beautiful
No way to change it from 24to 12 hour formst
This is to nicce! !!! ♡ IT
Love this! Thank you 😊
My wrist garners extra looks out in public and more than a few compliments!
Can't find the watchface at all.
This is such a clever idea! Definitely one of the more creative watch faces I've seen. Very clean, charming design. And the battery indicator is a nice touch. Obviously a lot of work put into this by the developers.
Terrible app full of bugs.
Terrible app. Looks good but a lot of critical things don't work. I couldn't check in cos the 'issue date' calendar only goes past 1970. Can't select seats. Airports are missing from flight status area.  Cant see recent transactions. You'd be left disappointed with the app.
So far... A useless App for adding and paying for excess baggage. I am guessing, it is the same for moving flight dates. Shame really. I was hoping the App would be convenient and reliable.
Terrible app, nothing appears to work. Unable to add passport details to profile.  Unable to click the link presented to add passport details during check in. Utterly pointless why did they even bother
Unable to check-in as the link to add passport details did not work.  Tried to add passport to profile only to receive an application error. Under the circumstances, I think that my two stars are generous.
Works well to check-in but it disappointed me in an important case. KLM rescheduled my flight but the app was showing the original departure date ... It didn't synchronise and mislead me.
It works better in ios vs Android.  They have completely botched my travel and notication updates would come in hours after cancellations and delays. I am giving a poor review because I have received poor customer and rude customer service agents. I thought they were a reputable airline but my experience has been the worst airline experience I have ever had. I worked for Canadian airlines and have flown some pretty crappy airlines. KLMS flights were fine when they haven't been cancelled or delayed. But the customer care for all of their excuses has been a solid 1 out of 5. So that is what I am giving the app. KLM you need to do a better job compensating customers who have suffered due to your incompetence. I can overlook one error bur not multiple. I hope someone from KLM looks at this. I will continue to share my story with friends and family on how bad my experience has been flying with KLM.
Just checked in to my flight via app and now have a boarding pass on the app. Went well and smooth. Hope boarding goes as smooth
It takes ages to start the app, annoying when you're in the queue and want to get to your boarding pass quickly.
Adding passport details doesn't work, the Flying Blue page doesn't work etc.
Can you add the flight search option based in calendar events.
Can't enter a 6 digit pin code
Booo
Exellent... Tested all functions, no problems..
All over the app works well. For KLM flights I would rate even 5 stars but it is annoying that the app doesn't work in US and you will be diverted to the Delta site which gives you many limitations and at times you cannot do mobile check in and you need to go to the counter! Similar issues happened with Air France operated flights and AF was not helping at all. Great App for all KLM operated flights but big limitations with flights operated by partners.
Flights on Google are far cheaper than this app. Pointless. 1 star given
Getting better. Would be nice if ideal payment triggered my mobile banking app rather than a web browser.
Great app! Works very well and it also looks good
I've never had a problem with this app.
Awesome app to use... very handy
Awesome
Nice
This app still has a way to go to make it fully functional. When checking in, you can't add your destination country and it won't let you go any farther without it. If you go enter it manually, the country is missing from the list.  Its a good effort, but they need to go back to the drawing board and fix this before they advertise it is fully working.
Overall works well. Easy to use. Would appreciate push notifications when my flight changes. Sounds basic these days but it doesn't do this.  Also hate it that it doesn't allow showing the boarding pass anymore after arrival. This would be ideal if you want to visit the airport lounge on arrival. Need to switch back to the email ticket for that.
'Claim missing miles' function doesn't work (Has never worked, despite the app version or phone). Why can't the boarding pass not be displayed inside the app? Need to first export the boarding pass to for example pdf version, then open with a different app. Strange.
You can't use the app to check-in. The page where you choose the travel documents doesn't respond, so you cannot complete check-in. That kind of defeats the purpose of the app if I have to go online.
Sent me a temporary password, go to change it and login/reset.... Won't let you. Garbage.
Booking is not working completely
Amazing app for my purposes, can't fault it
Nice to have when ever you are traveling
Very useful & accommodating app
Can't download and install latest update
Bad update! Boarding passes used to be kept, now it needs to go online to retrieve them every time... Not very handy when you're travelling!!  Update: did I say bad? Is worst! Had to get a physical boarding pass because the app won't retrieve it!  That one thing this app must do, failsafe, it does fail! Going to install the AF one..
Terrible
Waste of time, you can get cheaper flights from skyscanner. Etc. Got a cheaper flight to Bangkok from BA. Why bother having a app KLM If you don't give cheaper prices.
Doesn't keep boarding passes offline - have to be loaded every time. That's a basic thing I'd expect from travel app. Otherwise it's really good - nice interface and you can manage practically everything.
Awful app... Well conceived but not working, I could not retrieve my boarding passes and would not let me check in for the next flight. That's bad for business passengers who need the electronic boarding pass on the mobile phone easy and quick. The only way for me was to check in on the website and have the E-boarding pass sent by email
downloaded, wanted to create an account, only received Technical error message, no other explanation. this is the second time I installed this app, first time was few months ago, very same story.  no improvement. bug not fixed. makes the app useless
Latest version requests login although I'm already appear logged in when opening the apps. Works perfectly on my Samsung S6 as well as on my Samsung Galaxy Tab, but missing "rotation" - works only I portrait. Works even better on my Samsung S8 - probably due to new upgrades since my first review.
The app is okay however I can't buy tickets or upgrades without contacting KLM directly which then defeats the purpose of the app
Looks good, nice customization, battery, watch, and weather included, I really like the sophisticated look of it all. Five stars when I see how it does the battery..
Asus Zenwatch
Does not ever show up in the faces selection and slows the watch WAY down.
This face has tons of nostalgic appeal plus it just looks great and actually provides useful functionality with the battery indicators. I would love to see more functionality added, a nicer transition into ambient mode and more ambient options. It also really works well with the moto 360 flat tyre as this can ruin most faces really.
I love this watch face a lot! It brings back so many memories, but the only thing is that I cannot get any sound effect to come through on my phone. I would love it of I could play a small sample of the in-menu music to GoldenEye when I raise my watch up but no matter how short I make it no sound ever comes through, BUT I understand that's still I'm beta so no stars subtracted. Great work!
When I glanced at the picture I realize that it was actually from Goldeneye on the Nintendo 64. Reminded me of hours upon hours of skipping class and playing 4 player with my suite mates. This watch face is awesome. Personalization is super easy and the "health" and "body armor" gauges show battery life of phone AND watch. Insane.  I will likely keep it on this for a looooong time. Thanks!!!
A fantastic watch face. It's almost exactly like GoldenEye n64's version. Makes me smile every time I see this. I'm hoping the dev makes a more complex, contemporary or updated HD design watch face for this, then again I can't see how he can improve it! Best watch face so far.
But i do agree. I would pay for the ability to see weather and other things by scrolling L or R. And if there was a mission timer the said: complete or incomplete. Synced to you calender. Also i miss the flicker/flash... but so far this makes me super happy
This seems like a golden idea, but I happen to not have a watch. Could it be possible to have a seperate option for phones only? Say, the armor bar would show the second half of the remaining battery and vice versa. Thanks!
I ran into enemy fire, guns blazing get, thinking my body armor was at full, only to realize it wasn't. It took two trips to the hospital to get the last of the rounds out. I love this watch face. Suggestions for customizing: decide what the health and armor displays mean: calories, steps, battery life, etc.
I love this watchface but it's been showing as all black at least maybe once a week and I end up having to update either android wear (if an update is available) or just uninstalling and reinstalling. Kinda tiresome and I wish it didn't do this. But it really is the best watchface out there.
This is the reason I bought a Moto 360, I saw this watch face and was sold.  It shows everything important at a quick glance, at least for me. Phone battery, watch battery, and the Mission Status even flips over to "complete" when your meetings are done for the day!
OK for free.  A few suggestion to improve it.... Hands are hardly visible when backlight is on.  (OK in power save mode) So high contrast on the hands would be great. Does not fit on a Square Watch (Sony SWR50) face very well.  A SQUARE FACE option would be brilliant please.
One of my favorite watch faces but it would really be nice to have the option to just have the watch hands in ambient mode. The G Watch R has the markings built in so it doubles up and looks really loud and too much.
This watch is awesome! The only problem is the "life" indicators on the sides display as ugly white outlines in ambient mode. (even when selecting full color option) I would use this watch face 100% of the time if it wasn't for this. Dude, I'd pay for it!
I'm stuck in a train that's about to blow up and I need to use the laser to cut my way out before it explodes. I can't seem to figure it out though. Any tips?
I'd give this 5 stars, but the laser doesn't work. [Update] It turns out that it is a hardware issue. I'll get in touch with Q in the morning. :D 5 stars.
I love this watch face it really makes me think of goldeneye back when i was a child. It would be awsome if it had more features like the health bars showing the actual battery life and so on. Also the distortion waves would make it even more awsome. Great job
I liked it a lot, very retro feel. Lots of customizations compared to most watch faces. Tried out the beta option and of course I made it the watch beep from the game but it loops the audio file you choose so that was annoying. Please add an option to control loop on/off and I'll update to 5 stars! UPDATE: Thank you for the developer reaching out to me! I understand now the beta feature shouldn't loop. 5 stars!
This is the old pause screen for golden eye. Pairs great to any round Android watch like the motor 360. Just be warned the app can crash every now and again, but stays pretty stable through out the day. I'd give it 5 stars if it never crashed, so the 4 is of the 4 times it has crashed
Nothing would make me happier then to have this as my watch skin on my gear but it won't show up in my Samsung gear clocks and there is no sync option. Please get this fixed so I can have my golden eye watch.
Was on the fence about getting a Moto 360, after seeing that this was available early on, I had to have the watch. There is a small bug that was introduced recently, At some point the watchface stops rendering, I haven't been able to deduce anything specific set of circumstances when this happens.  It only started after recent update which I believe introduced the smooth second hand, event though I don't have the option enabled. it doesn't stop me from using it the watch face but I have to switch to and from the watch face in order to fix its rendering.  P.S:  Ill send you an email with a video link as it is difficult to explain
This is the best watch face I've installed. period. Brings back so many memories. I love the options and features added with every update. The only thing I would like to see added is having the power meters on the left and right animate while charging. It would be cool to see them blink back to 100%. Keep up the great work!
Thanks for this, it brings back a lot of good memories from my childhood. It has crashed once but it hasn't happened since then. It's just what I need to escape from a train rigged with explosives.
Love the style and functionality. The only thing that doesn't work is the phone power bar on the right. But other than that minor thing, I love it! Bring gs backups of memories of playing Goldeneye with my friends on N64. ☺️
And super nostalgic. Idk of its just me though, but it does a weird thing where when the watch is waking up, it shoes a different watch face for half a second before showing this one's.
Uninstall do to excessive battery drain. UPDATE: still have battery issue but I don't believe this app is soley responsible. Waiting for Motorola to call me back. It's been a couple days. :-\
I used this watch face for months.. And it's actually still my favorite. Until one day I switch the watch face and notice screen burn of the time. From your secret agent watch face... I got scared and vowed to never use this again. Although Screenburn fixer fuxed the issue... It's a scary thought that my screen started with that ghosting affect
I can't say enough about how cool this watch face feels.  The only suggestions I'd have is to have an option to display a transparent gun/ammo in the background too and possibly even a distortion wave every so often just like in the game.  Thanks again, I can't recommend this enough!
My only gripe us that the ability to change the size of the date by toggling the Large Date button is pointless.  I can not see any difference in the size at all. Is it possible to change the size like the time? Apart from that......great stuff.
The beta option for sound effects is great although doesn't always shut off properly, if I make changes in am app and am not on the watch face when I let it go idle... Occasionally the sound continues to play and the only remedy I've seen is to reboot my phone... Other than that, great job and keep up the good work, loving the watch face. Lg g watch r
Sometimes the watch face crashes and theres just a black screen.  I found a fix where I just have to change the watch face back and forth, but I still shouldn't have to run to a problem like this. Great work in the end!😃
I love the way this face looks and functions, but it is a giant pain to get onto my watch.  I recently had to reset my watch to factory settings to correct a problem and now I cannot get this face to reinstall.  It appears to be handled differently than every other face I own.  It won't appear in Android Wear or the watch itself.  2 stars because when it works it is great, otherwise 1 star.
This watch face is pretty radical and gives me the phone battery life monitor function that I wanted, but it always shows the digital time over the analog, and the dim features don't seem to do anything. I don't know if I just have the wrong type of watch for those settings, or if I'm just dumb and doing something wrong.
But no interactivity. Would be lot better if could go into weather, calendar, music, etc with same theming. Plus flashlight tool in watch face always handy.
Android wear recently updated and installed on my watch and noticed recently that when I raise my wrist the watchface doesn't fade in smoothly anymore (but fades smoothly turning off). When the screen comes on it shows the monochrome face for a second and then just "pops" in the color. I've been trying to fix that but so far nothing has fixed that ugly pop in. Dunno if that's a bug or a way to turn that off. Great app overall though.
Awesome nostalgia. And free! They're aren't many great free watch faces. My only request is for a way to remove the hands behind the green screen, or maybe just the second hand. I no it isn't much, but I'm very interested in maximizing battery life so I'd like a screen that isn't animated at all. But still 5 stars! Every time I check my watch the James Bond jingle runs through my head and I'm taken back to the days of golden guns, remote mines, and shooting people's hats off while they're on the toilet.
Force closes and freezes a lot on my first gen Moto 360. Noticed my watch would randomly power off because of it. Problems stopped after changing the watch face.
For some reason the idle screen on the Huawei watch shows outlines of the phones battery life and the watch's battery life. I understand the color issue, but they should be at least grey scale, not just outlines. Looks a bit cheap without the fill. Or an option to just remove the indicators all together from the idle screen. Other than that great watch face. Only one I use. Let me know if you want screen shots to explain the issue. Thanks.
This is what made me want the Moto 360, and it is totally worth it.  The only issue is that when I look at it, the world doesn't pause around me, but I bet that's a hardware issue.  :-)
The second hand looks a little Janky in the 15 fps mode, but I can't say anything bad about this watch face. It's well-built and really impressed me. 5 stars... Easily.
This is the best watch face as it is both highly functional and nostalgically awesome. I've been using it basically everyday since I got my watch Christmas 2015 and the fact that it shows the battery life of my phone and watch so clearly is excellent! Highly recommended to those who grew up playing Goldeneye!
I've been running around trying to set off remote mines, but I can't seem to get them to go off... Maybe a bug?  One thing that would be cool would be to have the little bars at the bottom underneath the date illuminate when you have notifications, if they're on mute - kind of like how some of the default watch faces will have a little "2" or "5" etc come up at the top to let you know you have notifications.
Would be great if you could  set it to stay illuminated for 20 or 30 seconds. Battery life be damned !
Goes off too quickly.
Awesome
Add Catchy phrase to alarms.  Like "time to wake up modaf#$&@".  For those that don't see the hour change the 24h to 12am-pm
Lame cuz its boring and some how childesh  probably u should make the letters  in caps so it looks more angry
It is a good start, would love to see some variations in wording added over time...still funny to read when checking the time at any time though. Thank you.
Only the F***ing minutes. I have a mother f***ing Huawei Watch
Great idea, poor execution
Only see "fu*king minutes" on my Moto 360. No hours.
The minutes part is only showing,  moto 360 2nd gen
Hours display not f&*king working on the f%!king LG Urbane
Cant activate it. :(
Play says it is installed, but can't find the app or any evidence of it on the phone. No instructions & can't see any reviews, so nothing good I can say about it now. Android wear doesn't work either. Says it can't find the device (which is already paired and working fine).
I love Lanzhou in Gansu province China because there is street art all over the old downtown university district.  Street art is people art and it is lovely!  Lifts your spirit in celebration of human creativity!  Now it is on my watch!  Couldn't be happier.  Get a big old life-affirming jolt whenever I check the time.  Hoping for a refresh every now and then with new art, but don't want to lose my favorites.  It is on the watch FOR GOOD!
I love switching up my watch faces and I am not really comfortable with using the other popular apps for the mere face of battery life.  Some suck more juice than others.  This app is great, when folks notice my watch I always get "WOW, that is cool"!  Great app Google, keep up the good work!  For those that don't see the new watch face, I thought the same thing also, it takes a moment for it to sync to your phone after you download it.  I was about ready to call it junk and delete it also then BOOM, it showed up in the Android Wear app.
I like the watch faces. I like the configuration on the phone. I'd prefer the digital time to be bigger.  I don't like the artist card being automatically displayed. I would not mind if the card was at the real bottom of my stack, so I could access the information if I wanted. I think that this would be the best behaviour, as the idea behind the watch and Google Now, is that the notifications are "Pull Based".  A simple configuration option regading the Artist Card where I could specify where the card appears, "On Top", "On the Bottom" or "Disable the card" appaeaing.
Some people aren't fond of the art label as a card, but I appreciate knowing the artist and identifying information. The colors on the watch numbers and hands are coordinated with the street art colors. The art changes frequently. What's not to like? Thank you, Google!
Love the different and changing backgrounds,  they really are awesome. However they change so often that I have noticed a reasonable drain to battery over the course of a day. It would be great if there were options to limit the changes or just select one background rather than rotating every 15 minutes or so. Aside from that, it's good.
I really love the collection of art displayed and the frequency I get to see new pieces. I'd love an option to turn of the little cards that say the title of the work as they come up so often. The time a little higher on the Moto 360 would be nice as well. Lastly, the date isn't always very visible on some of the backgrounds but that's fine with me since I don't use it. More options!
it frequently changes your watch face with an art image so you never get tired. I'd like an option not to display the art info every time it changes, but as I can block specific app notifications, that's OK for me.
Am Our most likely just wanted some more information that I needs.💳💵🚬🔭🔬💷
No option to leave the full watch face intact for Always On or Ambient Mode. Other than that it does seem cool, but I can't use it until that option is in place.
But there needs to be an update in the watch faces cause they are getting tiresome after rotating through the same faces
I don't want a picture of a chick in her underwear on my wrist, you need to allow people to change the art. Get rid of the card with the artist info, nobody cares, put that info in the app on the phone. Have someone with better judgment pick the art. The date font color looks bad, make it white or black, the clock needs to be moved up, it's covered by cards.
I tried this app a few weeks ago and the day I installed it my watch didn't last 10 hours. I'm giving it another try, hopefully it works better this time.
Often see sane watch faces. Weird art pieces i may not normally look at become annoying art pieces before the tenth time they show up in my watch face.
Large circle should be the minutes. The small circle should be the hours. Currently is flipped. It's very confusing to read.
Would love if ambient mode would allow for art to display in colour. What's the point of having a nice color display on your wrist,  when it spends most of the time in black and white ambient mode. Who cares if the battery drains a bit quicker I still get a day out of it with watch faces displaying colour in ambient at 50% brightness.  Come on guys this is what android is all about... Customisation!
I like most backgrounds but some of them really make me sick. It would be good if the app could help me to make choice.
Buti don't like some of the pictures and I want to be able to see notifications in ambient display mode. Needs to have options to enable or disable these..
Works flawlessly, and looks great with the artwork but lacks the ability to customize it. I just wish it was possible to change the font or even move the digital time.
Sometimes lack of choices can be a good thing. ("It just works") For me, this is not the case with this app.
Google made a nice statement with this. When on, the face is bright, vibrant, and clear, time is readable, and it looks smooth. In ambient mode it's low maintenance, easy on the battery, and still looks nice. It's encouraging to see Google give a nice example of what can happen with Wear. Plenty of room to expand the features available and hopefully reasons to bump it to 5 stars.
*Updated rating, it showed up after a day*                                         Downloaded and installed, can't find anywhere! Not in faces on watch, can't find app on phone, don't see in Android Wear app...where is it?
Various street-art faces cycle through, changing every hour. Love those little art show on my wrist.  Update: since updating to Android Wear 2.0 I can no longer use this app. Hoping sincerely you make it available.
Great art work but having it covered by the info card each time is annoying. Why not just have this information in the settings section?
I like this idea, but the app doesn't give as many options as i was hoping for.  I would like to choose the picture, or preview it in the app.  But, you can't.  Weird.
v.2  Since I am on AW 2.0, the watch face had to be installed on the watch specifically. Now it shows up in the Android Wear app. Would like an option to choose the background. =========================================================== v.1  Installed, but not showing up under my Watch Faces. ===========================================================
Really like the art that pops up, but I wish that there were options to change the font or style of the analog or digital watch. Sometimes the font or style doesn't go with the piece.
This was great for a while then I kept seeing the same art. This would be better if you could choose from a larger library of art.
I really like this app's style, but it could do with some complications and maybe the ability to ban specific artworks that you don't like. I for example would like to skip the baby head.
Would be nice to change images and keep one on. Having change to things men and woman would not wear is annoying.
Google has to properly mention that this is an app for Android wear devices, else it it misleading for most of the people like me.
I love everything about it it updates new watch pics ever like 30mins so every time I look at watch it's different and new flash and interesting, beautiful faces on the Moto 360.
But what's up with the weird serif typefaces in the app? Kinda feels out of place.
I really like this app. Never get tired of a face.
Nice watch faces but not allowing me to change to it again after i reset the device and downloaded it
This is the reason why I am wearing the smart watch. It's amazing that wear an art on your wrist. By the way,if the watch face could add some animation ., it would be great! Like Watch Face-Fuji
Can we get more images. I feel as though I see the same art daily. Also a companion feature to match the phone background would be neat.
Yesterday I installed thus but i am not getting options to open this app, kindly help me
Needs more art but I think it's great. Not very customizable but very unique and the always on screen is basic and I like it that way lol
App installs on phone, doesn't appear in android wear app.
Should be able to select face. I can see 2 faces I want to use in the sample pics but can use them.
Some simple effective watchfaces. A few of them I like very much, the others are ok. Value for money.
Tried twice to install. Don't waste your time. This app is a scam. Did not get my money back.
LOVE the idea of a spinning Pokéball for this - it's simple but looks really neat, and lots of people comment on it. Out of all my downloads I probably use this face the most.
Would love to have the digital clock not be in military time (24hrs) but rather in 12hr
It's too light and i hate it the pokeball going around the clock yuck
Don't know. Have been asked to rate before I can even use it.
Works and looks as described
Great utility for android watch. Clean UI, would recommend!
Like!
Poor job
A must have!
Motorola 360 the good one
Excellent
I love it
Good
Wife loves it
Best watch face ever.  Won't know until Saturday, but the Lite version has poor Herr Schmidt going to the office on both Saturday and Sunday.   Would be awesome to see some weekend activities, maybe even Friday night pub, or Wednesday date-night with the wife, maybe a game of bridge or canasta?
It would be good to be able to change the date format ie. to dd/mm/yy as most  people are not North American and weekend activities would be great also. Otherwise good job!
I love it, beautiful drawings. Great and simple idea, gentle on 🔋 life. But: I have never seen mr Schmidt waking up nor brushing his teeth - I guess it happens quite early in the morning. Furthermore I do not like the fact that during weekends it still shows Mr Smith working at his desk. Can you add an image of Mr Schmidt mowing the lawn or reading the newspaper? Or even going for a walk with his wife?
However having paid for the app I would expect just a bit more CUSTOMIZATION. I mean there is not even an option for am/pm. Not weather display. No watch or phone percentages. The only reason I'm not requesting a refund is in hopes you will implement at least some of these features and the fact the concept is great. I will update my review accordingly...
Thk u for the 12 hr time! Maybe the phone and battery levels can also be a click on the time deal.. Love the art work! 2 requests, put 12 hr time and also an icon 4 watch and phone battery charges. My last watch face had them. My cell died during the night and I didn't no bcse nothing on watch face, on my wrist as I slept.
I find this creation very fun, love the graphics and love the different picture scenarios that change throughout the course of the day.  I agree with the masses, please create weekend/recreational scenes.  :)
Mr. Schmidt needs better weekends! Great concept!  Great job you guys!
Charming and gorgeous. Just wish it also displayed date.
....loved it so much I bought the paid.   This is what Android Wear is all about.   Not only the ability to change your watch face,  but to find gems like this one.   It is a work of art and a brilliant idea.
Surely Mister Schmidt needs the weekends off?
Just wish I could have it in 12 and not 24 h time!
I love this app. The animations are fun and cool and I love seeing what Mister Schmidt is doing throughout the day. Great clock widget to download.
Woow amazing! I really like this all features.Brilliant app, It works great.
Can he have a coffee break.and when he home read the newspaper thank you.
This is a really creative face for your smart watch. Great animations!
I have the other app and also love this one. Great job.
Nice awesome interface for my smart watch. keep it up
Addictive... This game is very simple to handle.Had a great fun.
Excellent! A really creative and awesome app.I really like it.
Fun & Great game.... Its easy use and addictive app.
Great. The best Creative app in google play.
Nice and funny design. Suits well on my wear.
Really like this one. Funny animation. One of a kind.
I love this app.great app for great price
Nice looking widget, loved it.
wow. awesome app for smart watch.
Good concept.100% functioning.
I just can't change the image and I can't find any options other than the time settings. Hopefully it'll cycle on its own because I'm stuck with a glaringly bright white face. Moto X 2014 with first gen lg g watch.
just reinstalled it for the third time,  and it finally shows up on my Android wear options. Beautiful :)
Needless to say, don't expect your battery to last long :)
This would be impeccably perfect is it were not for the fact that I can only have a dial for my watch. Please, developer, add phone battery dial!
Brilliant game, works great. I don't even have to pull my phone out of my pocket to waste time anymore!
Perfect, it is a good face for my watch, even I think it could be better, maybe if you provide 2 or 3 more options if face, but I really think this is a great face for my watch.
This one lets me wake up with a big smile on my face.
This game is simplistic in nature, but it is still very fun and addicting. Runs very well on my LG G Watch R.
I love this watch face and all the different options.  My only wish would be that you could add the date.
Moto360. Crisp clean look, animation is smooth. Can't wait for the update that allows us to customize!
A really creative and beautiful watch face. Clean, simple and straight forward. Nothing overly complicated.
I play it all the time specially in detentions no bugs so far
I play it all the time specially in detentions no bugs so far
The new update making the time in the center larger while still having 6 complications is perfect. Definitely my favorite watch face.
My favourite watchface as you can use so many compilations, but I would be amazing if there were even more, I would pay more for
Updated and now the seconds are missing from digital time
Newest update I can't make changes on my phone.  The analog clock sits right on top of the digital (or whatever they are I can't tell) one making both useless.  No longer shows missed calls.  No longer shows new messages.  No longer shows new emails.  I will be replacing this app (Which was my fave) and I pushed so many people to get.  Hold me. Oh!  And the battery doesn't expand to show phone battery % and the bit that looks like a bell doesn't expand either.
Like most, the changes on this app have made it almost unusable. What used to be my fav watch face is starting to become the worst of them. The analog and digital watch face are overlayed on the same complication unless you use the weather background. You cannot see the battery percent from the phone. You cannot click on the weather complication to see the weekly forecast. You cannot click on the clock to set a timer. Used to be great, now I'm off looking for a new watch face.
This used to be my favorite watch face, but after the latest update on Dec. 6th, I can no longer manage complications from my phone, and the digital time fails to properly update, leaving whatever time displayed at the point it was set up overlayed on top of the current time, making it unreadable.  I love this watch face! Please fix these issues!
Was awesome until the dec 6 update. Now you cant get the cool widgets that can be set on the phone, you're left with lame stock ones. Also now the analog clock has a bug that shows multiple hands. Fossil q
I've really loved this watch face, and I appreciate that it's been updated with complications, but as others have mentioned there are issues with the clock showing both the time it started and the current time on top of it (Moto 360 2nd gen). I also wish there was the option not to use another complication instead of the default clock because I prefer the Google complication that shows the time and date together anyway.
Used to be my favorite watch face. But i am not pleased with newest update. Watch face totally disappeared from my moto 360 2. Added it back and I struggled to get back my old setup. Initially had issue getting analog time to go away after I selected digital time. Now that's okay, but all other changes I've made seem to be displaying on top of previous item. I would MUCH rather manage this from my phone. UPDATE: battery drain is bad. Changed watch to only come out of ambient when I tap rather than move wrist to conserve. But now digital time doesn't display correctly in ambient - seems to display current overlaid with prior, which makes it unreadable. Not acceptable for a smart WATCH app to not have readable time. :(
This used to be so close to perfect but in the last update the developer seemed to destroy it.  I can no longer even use the digital clock to tell the time as it overwrites the new time without clearing the previous time leaving a garbled mess.  Complications fail to react and weird backgrounds appear randomly.  I liked the idea I could now create custom links to apps but failed to make it work.  Hope it will one day be fixed.
Please fix the clock issue. When watchface is set, whatever time is displayed on startup is continuously displayed, and updated time is shown on top of this. It's a deal breaker for me. Using Fossil Q Marshall. Tried the usual uninstall/reinstall etc.
This used to be my all time favorite. But with the new update, it just makes me sad. I guess you have to say goodbye to all good things, somewhere along the time line. Uninstalled.
Nice features, new update broke to much. No more phone battery; weather forced in f; and a broken analog clock in the middle with to many arms, wrong hour and not removable
Having the same issue everyone else is with the analog watch face leaving hands behind at the time the watch face was set. Where do I need to send the screenshot?  Moto 360 Second Gen
After update the time and battery no longer expand if pressed, this was useful to make the time bigger and to show the phone battery as well as the watch battery. Please bring those features back.
New version badly screwed up. Time display is unreadable.
I really like the watch face, but would be nice if there was a layout with 8 or 10 compilations. I personally like a lot of information on the watch face.
It works very well. It tells me what I need to know and what is going on.
Broken with the last update. Trash now.
Loved it before but latest update has problems
simple with lots of complications to share information
Freezes up
Great very efficient
Great job for the developers. I would give it 5 if it worked properly. None of the email or missed call links update and always shows zero even after I gave all the permissions. Also it's very bright even with the dark them and at 1 brightness level so is it possible to put brightness toggle in the app settings? Further, Is it possible to add brightness level in the settings to lower even below the embedded ones? Shortcuts to missed call should open the phone on the wear as well. But nice work generally
As of 11/23/2016. The weather widget part of this smartphone app doesn't seem to work after the recent update.         As of 10/1/2015, I am starting to love this app after the update.  It seems to be functioning better and work a little more coiseive with the Google software.  I emailed the developer about issues with this app on 09/30/2015 and I received a response on the same day which was very much appreciated.  This specific app is officially my favorite app to use on my Google Wearable device.
This watch face has a lot to love, but a lot to not love. It has everything that you want, and nothing that you don't need. Simple and clean. What it does need is more customization options, such as putting in your own backgrounds and maybe toggleable options such as wifi or data. I've tried countless watch faces and I can't stop coming back to this, but it's not fully what I want. If you want something simple and clean, this is perfect. (used on Moto 360 1st Gen)
I absolutely love this, best watch face I've come across! But...! Isn't there always a but? I'm using the Aboriginal Forest face with only 3 bits, time, weather and date. By 1430 hrs this afternoon my watch battery was at 10% from 100% this morning. I've not had this issue before. I'm hoping there's something we can do as I love this app and faces? I'm using a Huawei watch which is only 3 months old. Hope you are able to help me out.... Thank you!
Used to really love this watch face for my first gen moto 360 but the last few days the watch face keeps freezing. I have to switch faces to get the time right again. Would love to keep using but having the right time is kind of important. Maybe I'll come back someday
One of the best watch faces, the only problem I have is the weather doesn't work properly but apart from that its simple and clean. The weather problem has already been stated by other people, I hope it gets fixed. I would like a way to change the time to 24hour time from 12 hour vise versa
Weather (even when phone is set to high accuracy) fails to display correct area. Tap weather, could not retrieve weather?? Watch is connected and Google now works?? Missed calls fail to show. Hopefully, this soon will work 100%. 5 stars if all works in the future.
I really like the concept, but I do wish it was a bit more flexible. I would love to see more complications, styles, and more options. I rated it 5 stars because it works exactly as advertised and is good enough that I am making it my new watch face even though there are others that are much nicer from a design standpoint. But this one offers me the most information at a glance, and that's why I bought my Wearable watch in the first place. I would happily pay a buck or two for a premium version with more designs and options.
It's annoying to have to uninstall Wear Mini Launcher just to accept the Weather permissions and be presented with a useless dialog on the watch. You're not alone though, Google Messages has the same behaviour.
I have tried many watch faces and I think this is the best so far. That said, it doesn't show steps. Always 0. Google fit works however. Also it shows weather, but if I select it, bits crashes. Update: Now bits has disappeared from Android wear. It shows as installed on my phone but doesn't show as available watch face. Have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. Very frustrating.
Been looking at this watch face for a while and finally gave it a try, i have to say this is a great and creative face.  I like that its interactive (except for the email circle) but i recommend it and like it a lot.  Oh one thing you should make one of the circles a music control one somehow
The watchface is the best, but as long as the weather works for a while and then shows only the question mark I can't give it 5 stars. I've done everything you said to other people and it does the same, the problem lies within the code because older versions worked fine. Also, it would be great it the weather won't rely on the location, a way to choose a city in the app settings would be great.
Almost perfect! The only thing this watch face doesn't do that I need is custom shortcuts to launch apps (or change from the default shortcuts). I would also like to see complications for unread text messages a separate complication for the phone battery, and have the email complication launch my email app on my phone. This is one of my favorite watch faces and would be my default face if it had those missing features. I use a different one with custom shortcuts for work. Add the missing features I mention and will change to 5*!
Its nice but we need more control over the widgets. If battery percentage for both phone and watch is shown without tapping that will be great Edit: After Oreo update phone battery % is not getting updated
I keep coming back to this hoping that they have sorted out the battery drain issues but the problem remains the same. 50% in four hours is simply not good enough when I can get 16h to 50% with stock watch faces.
Fully customisable. Haven't tried missed calls, emails, etc yet; but time, date, battery and weather are all great. Get a snapshot of all these details on your main watch face and a single tap on any of them provides further details. Very useful!
Hi, I cannot configure "missed calls". Authorization is required on the phone (SAMSUNG S6) but i am then routed to application settings and get lost. Any idea ? Thanks
Easy to change colors, minimal battery use in specially ambient mode.
Professional looking watch face that is functional and looks good in ambient and active screen mode.  I only wish for Roman numerals option.
Like simple classic look, does not drain battery.
I love the clean look of this watch face and the ability to customize the color. I just don't like the color picker when adjusting the color from my phone. It is way too hard to make small adjustments. It would be nice to be able to enter RGB codes or something.  Also, moving the adjustment down seems to just dim the screen on my watch rather than really affecting the color.
My favourite analogue face for my G Watch R by a big margin. Simple and elegant. Looks great in ambient mode too.
Absolute mood maker...clean and practical.
Very practical!
Like the design and simplicity. Would like to change the card size and length of time before it goes back to ambient mode. It goes to ambient too quickly.
Great customisable watch face. Love the fade in fade out feature!
I love the clean, minimal design!  It works as described.
Love this watch face good looking and practical
Shows the info I need.  Looks subtle but different.  Nice
Great watch face, stylish and practical
Very nice and useful. It would be nice if I could disable the outside circle. It doesn't look very nice on moto360. Also, how often does it communicate with the phone to find out battery status? (I suspect that might draw some battery, but I don't have it for long enough to know...)
It's a watch face...looks differ per person, I love it, very pip-boyish
I like the design and customizability, but it's constantly crashing, some days worse than others. I'm going back to flip clock until this is more stable...
Not sure why to be honest, but it doesn't bother me too much.
Doesn't drain my moto 360 battery at all. Keeps me aware of my phones power level as well as my watches power level. Luv it.
So worth $.99. Displays battery levels and time while staying sexy and saving power.
Even looks good in ambient. Would like to be able to add the date in ambient mode.
liked it !!
Randomly kills battery on moto 360 within a couple hours.
Thank you so much for this! It's really amazing and I personally think it's worth every penny! Keep up the amazing work!
Time says 00 at noon and overall has some performance issues on the Zenwatch 3
My reason for owning a smart watch. Thank you!
Can you please add 12 hour options as well?
I love how customisable the watchface is. Was a bit annoyed at first that I had to also get Watchmaker Premium to use it, but it was definitely worth it. I enjoy constantly changing its functions and adapting it to what I need (and Watchmaker really allows me to do that, but it took some getting used to). My only criticism is that on my watch the more advanced of the watchfaces included does not really work that well (lags constantly and drains my battery), but that is obviously due to my hardware limitations. Still, it would be nice to have a lighter version of that watchface as well.
Mate love this watch face been using it for over a year now. Just changed from a Sony Smartwatch 3 to a new Asus Zenwatch 2. Noticed the giro or direction sensor doesn't work on the zenwatch. Is this a flaw with the watch or do I need to change a setting?
I didnt want to damage the app with a bad review! Yeah, read the description, I thought its a stand alone app. It looks really nice! Best regards
Love the app, sucks that it is limited to the bounds of WatchMaker. Definitely watching with hope for a standalone. Yes, I would kick in some more money for standalone.
It's a nice app cool watches and every thing but you got to pay 4 bucks for watchmaker premium to use it not including this transaction.
The map (Experimental) isn't working for the moto 360 but overall it's a 5 star watch.
I love it but I have one problem the compass dose not work on the Asus zenwatch 2 I don't know if it's a bug or something else please tell me
It does not work for my model of watch Huawei watch I know it could handle it but just won't work please make it compatible
Pip Boy Ultimate watch face doesn't seem to work on the Moto 360 Gen2 - it never starts. The others work fine. Not sure what's wrong.  Edit: After a reboot it seems to work now.
Absolutely love the watch face but for some reason I couldn't apply it on my Gear S3 Classic. Any suggestions? First time using a smart watch.
4/5 until you update for v.a.t.s.
Instalei mas não aparece na lista para ativar no relogio.
Makes you buy another app
Pretty Awesome
AWESOME!!! I just started the wear faces a couple of days now, but By far best Fallout or any watchface I have found so far for attn to detail in being a fanboy of the game. Great job on all of the hard work.
This was a perfect app for the fallout fans who want a pipboy for themselves! Would love to see some new updates though, perhaps syncing directly with Google fit?
Was looking forward for a Wear Theme like this! It functions well on my 360 sport and has no lag. Will update after testing battery life.
Constantly crashes my Nixon the mission watch. After about a half hour it comes up android wear not responding and I have to change back to a stock face through the app.
After realizing that this watchface didn't show up anywhere, I read the information from the dev. MAKE SURE YOU READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!
I love this app, but for some reason the Ultimate Version won't load on my watch. I can do the 3000S mk4 3.0 fine, but if I do the Ultimate, the screen is  not moving and kind of greyed out. I have a Fossil Q Founder
Brilliant, thanks for the hard work.  I was wondering if you'd consider a vault girl version?
After downloading this app, I only have three duplicate watch faces. They're all the mk4 watch face. Please help
A very well done watch face, unfortunately, I have encountered the duplicate bug. Although, it will supposedly be fixed by watchmaker soon.
It's really cool! Thanks for the editable options, you can customise it for your likes. Definitely worth to have.
Works great! Just missing the interactive parts, but like stated above, this should be fixed soon.
This is really cool, dude. Nice work.
Fun for those that play fall out
I can't even see the app
It only has 5 watchface not 10 this is false advertising
Runs smooth on my moto 360
Cool
Be patient, because it literally took me about an hour to finally get it to function on my Moto 360 2nd gen. Super cool, abstract look! Pop for the $4-5 for both this application, AND WATCHMAKER PREMIUM, or it simply will not work.  Instructions, instructions, instructions. Great job, devs! Edit: For those of you who have battery issues, give your devices time for the software to settle in. I found that many wear applications work smoother over time, especially larger or interactive application functions.
It's a great app. Only problem is the battery life. I'm using a moto 360 2nd Gen and the full watch face uses like 10% an hour if I don't use it. More if it's used for text messages and stuff. It would be awesome as a stand alone without watchmaker, but I have no clue how to make an watchface so I have no idea how hard it is. Over all its a great app. I just wish I could use the full capabilities of it.
Battery drain not bad at all. Unless you're like me and fiddle with it all day lol. Can't get enough of it. Also just out of curiosity, how do I switch to 12 clock instead of 24 on the ultimate watchface?                                          Edit: Changed it to 5. Just realized it tells me my phones battery life too. Cherry on top. Bravo! Also I figured out the time change. It was in the script.
For all of the reviews that say it requires Watch maker premium, just read the description. This face is very well designed! It has a lot of integrated features that really make it nice. I haven't noticed a terrible battery drain compared to other faces. Again, great face!
Have to say, great job on this watchface. Still rocking my LG G Watch and it works great on it! Your watchface is a great  companion to my phone as I have a Red Fallout theme right now. Looking forward to any future updates ..... oh and people......read the instructions! p.s. .... maybe down the line a version that lets you launch an app on the phone via an additional Pip-boy section on your watchface.... say the Fallout Pip-boy app when your playing Fallout.... just a thought.
I usually stay away from the light color faces. But this app does such a great job feathering into darkness at the bottom. It makes the flat tire just disappear.
Lovely watch face, easy on the battery too. However, weather doesn't appear to function properly. Incorrect forecast in both auto and manual location mode.
Too chatty. I constantly putting alerts in your watch.
Battery abit better but could do with getting a whole day out of it..like it tho any chance to extend battery life some more?? Other than that I really like the faces you guys are coming up with..keep it up.
Nice app, but the biggest reason I wanted this was for the weather, which is NEVER correct.
Very nice
Very sophisticated styling with everything I need to see at a glance.
Dev quick to fix bugs to this beautiful watch face. Not power hungary like some
Very attractive
Clear and sleek. Nice sleep mode. It would be nice to have a darker metallic look setting as option
This is the face I was looking for. The developer responded quickly to an issue and was helpful.
Best watch face ever. Doesn't consume battery. And notifications are great in ambiant mode. Just a suggestion, it would be better if we could remove center of clock in dark mode so not a single point will remain active all the time.
First, thank you for this free app, it's very nice! except... that it is stated automatic but it ticks like a quartz watch, second by second instead of a smooth sweeping motion (so -1*). Some numbers and words are entirely upside down like "Jul" & "24" (-1*). If these points are corrected together with a few additional options, e.g. moon phase, battery, I'll even be willing to pay for the pro version. But keep up the good work!
I cant find this watch face on the LG Urbane after updating to android 2.0
Very elegant need more gold faces
Simply a classic design. Low battery use. Even set up for the Moto 360.
Thanks!
On Android Wear 2.0, where can I change the watch settings?
Excellent design - both simple and classic. In short, elegant
How to activate it? :)
The best watch
Classic elegance. Very dressy
This. Is. Good
Works great on the Moto X Pure/Gear Live. Pairs well with brown leather wristbands! It also adds to my classic/hipster mixed apparel!
Thanks for fixing the issue so fast!
Nice, but the settings are not saved, so I have no dynamic shadows, which is why I was interested in the first place. :-(
Elegance in colour pallet as well of the use of inspiration from traditional watch design.  Nice to see some thought and research produced in your craft.Working well on Moto 360
I love the fact that the developer took into consideration the cutout on the moto 360s screen, however the time is 5 minutes slow :-/
Beautiful but it gives wrong time on my moto 360
Excellent
Such an elegant and refined design. The multiple dials are a very nice feature. Ambient mode is especially beautiful.
Doesn't work on Lg G3 paired with Lg G watch.Marshmallow OS.
very giod apps but not have more colors please added new colours like blue
Very nice app built
Clock
Lovely
NO Problem with battery drain on my moto 360.  I Love it !
The watchface itself was really beautiful, but it drains the battery way too fast, as well as prevents watch charging (used on Moto 360).
Hi i just bought you app. for the altimeter. but the altimeter stays on 0 meter... what you i do do get it working?  otherwise i bought it for nothing.  kind regards Kevin
This app is great,please keep developing it, I'm using the Sony smart3,yes altimeter is zero,but it's not why I bought this app .
Im not used to 24 hr clock, but nice face
Sunrise and sunset are not showing up.  Altimeter only doors 0.  Can we get these options on this face?
Love the simplistic beauty of this watchface its stunning animations are very smooth and minimalisticly intricate!!! Good job devs
Altimeter is not working, it always displays 0. Location settings are enabled. Could you assist?
Please add a 12 hour format as well! Otherwise a perfect app.
Need 12 hr option
Would be great
Great, absolutely love the watch face however am having burn in issues after only two hours of always on mode in ambient on a LG G Watch Urbane. Will not use for the moment until whites in ambient have been resolved..
Makes me want to go all John Travolta Saturday Night Fever every time I look at it! Let's get down & get funky!  Nice watch face & great read ability.
No other watch face looks as good as this one on square watches. The dull orange color matches the band of the asus zenwatch perfectly!
Tried lots of different faces but always come back to this one. I actually prefer the ambient mode face than the full on face. Maybe offer that as a separate face?
There's no battery meter or weather but I just like it. I think it's the ambient mode.
None of the hideous hand jump when the screen turns on the Moto 360 unlike other faces. Battery usage acceptable too
Square watches don't get the day complication. Please fix for a 5 star rating.
Everyone doesn't have great eyes. How about a way to make the date larger?
Muy bien logrado. Me lleva al recuerdo de los relojes de mi abuelo. Sencillamente el diseño es hermoso y súper legible.
This watch face works well on my ASUS ZenWatch. It is a must recommend to anyone who has a smartwatch that is square.
Doesn't hammer the battery. The dimmed mode is also well done.
Simplicity certainly is beauty!
Looks fantastic on the LG r, best looking watch face I have seen
I'm enjoying this design more & more as time goes on. Minimalist and looks good.
I've downloaded several watch faces and this is the one I keep coming back to.
Nice Job.
Looks great on the square LG G Watch!
Kills the battery
Did not work
My go to watch face.
Looks great and my family loves it too.
Just rocking out with your you know what out.. love the retro look
Works great. I would have paid money for it.
Looks great but kills the battery
Watch face looks beautiful on my LG Urbane
Great looking watch face that's simple and clean.
Love it. Clear face, very retro
Looks great!
Like the look
Looks great! Well done!
Thanks!
Love it
Very nice
Minimal and sleek
Quircky and attractive
Very nice
Great time
Cool face
Outstanding
Excellent
With the option to download free, then pay for premium features. Well done developer. This is how all watch faces should be... Try before you buy. Paid for and tried so many watch faces, refunded, ended up having Google account deleted! GREAT! Paid for your premium out of appreciation. Keep up the work and hope you bring more faces out 👍
Very good watch face on the market. But it has 1 prob on my moto 360 gen2, I cant change to the 2nd free watch hand, it automatically returns to the first one after some minutes using. And pls make some better watch hands that look better, these hands are so ugly, even premium hands. Thanks
This is my favorite watch face and I come back to it every time. But, a little more customization would be nice and the watch hands do not save after a restart. Please fix this and it's definitely worth 5 stars
So I like the overall watch face but I don't understand that after every time I restart my watch or change back to this face from another I have to keep rechoosing the premium hands. I don't understand why it will save my color scheme but not the watch hands
I have downloaded many of these wear watch faces. By far this one is a keeper. Just one small issue. Noticed that on SmartWatch 3 it cuts the 2 top minute markers.
It's a clean look, but each time my watch restarts the hands revert to the default style instead of maintaining the ones I chose to use. Definitely gotta fix that bug, because what fun is it to always have to go switch the hands back after each reboot
App keep crashing on phone everytime I open the Wear app and frequently change from a premium config to the default config.
Would give more stars if there were at least the option to change the battery indicator to something else. Step counter, weather, compass..... etcetera. Also would like to be able to turn off everything but the hands in ambient mode. Paid the $.99 for the extra watch hands, should also include these options I described. These additions would also make it equal in options with many other face makers, who incidentally include these options for no charge. Keep up the good work, great looking watch face!
It is a very cool looking watch face.  I've been searching a lot but couldn't find anything good.  This is the best
Nice middle ground between too simple and too cluttered. Could use additional options for that last star.
Great watchface. One of the few with enough colour and brightness to work in ambient mode with my LG Urbane 2. Alas google wear 2.0 stops this watchface from working.
It has nice and simple design. But when i using other watch face except default skin, it has been changed to the default skin again and again. Plz fix it
I've tried many different types of watch faces and seems like I finally the one I can just leave it on. Also, it seems like it's easy on my LG Watch Urbane battery life. Looks fantastic! Keep it up, guys!! PS how do I reset the color to default?
On my Sonywatch 3, battery indicator shows something which I dont understand. App didnt show on my mobile to do any settings too.
Very cool n sleek watch face. Looks great on Sony Smart watch 3. Nothing fancy...it just works!
After buy a premium, the selected  premium watch hand always set back to free version. Please fixed this.
Love this face but can no longer use after Wear 2.0   :(  Never shows up in Wear app on phone or on Huawei watch 1 even though it's installed
It's light and beautiful. Doesn't drain the battery snd works very smooth. It's very simple. I wish it has more options, but not if this will make it heavier or luggish....
This is a very elegant watch face. Looks much better than the screenshot on both square and round ones.
I don't understand why they can't get this right
Installed on Sony 3 no problems.  Free version lets you change colour accents - looks nice.
I like changing the colors and hands on the clock. It can go from elegant to tactical with one touch of a button. It can also be made to match whatever I'm wearing.
Looks superb on my Huewai W1. Simple yet elegant and kudos to the developer to offer free with a modest in app purchase for additional hands in order to support them.
The best watch face I have. And I have tried them all. I keep coming back.
Sometimes the watch is not centered.
Everytime I download another watch face and install I always return to this one. Evergreen Face. Good Work Developer. Hope to see something similar and better soon.
When I turn my wrist to see the time. Sometimes, it does not come on. I literally have to tap the screen in order for the watch face to present itself. Also, when it does come on, it goes off again within seconds. Moto 360. Please fix.
This watch face looks amazing in my moto360 really well designed, smooth operation and just plan gorgeous
All it need is a temperature display.
Good watch face but after few hours premium hands changes automatically to default one. Please fix the same.
Very nice looking, simple and effective. The chosen hand set keeps resetting to default but otherwise works fine.
Very nice design dev. Love the face. What about a brightness adjustment for ambient screen in the paid version?
2wtch face keeps going default.
Nice basic watch face. Best part, it literally SIPPS power! Thanks for such a battery saving face.
This watchface will cause the watch to boot loop after the July 2017 security update.
Very nice watch face and features. Really like that i can change the hand colours too
Very nice face realy black background  looks well nice on my lg g r watch.
Like how it's nice and clean, wish they had an option for weather. Still really nice
Of all the watchfaces I tried, this one I like the best.
Just unlock the extra feature. Can you add brightness setting for ambient mode please.
When  it goes ambient you lose the color. Change that and it's worth paying for.
Pop up's
Not sending the faces I want to my zenwatch 2
My only issue is that the days on the date display are very difficult to read.  Bigger fonts or something would help
Unlimited colors ... Tooo many custmization ,decent design,looking fab on my moto 360 . DroiipD Watch Faces are awesome ...
Decent design, doesn't show weather
Love it
It does drain the battery more than the other faces. Maybe becuase there's so much going on idk. I like the watch face but.... Battery drain
I have quite a few watch faces but keep coming back to this one especially since the battery life was improved. You guys make the best watch faces with lots of settings options.
Looks nice but kills the battery life.
Looks cool but terrible battery usage
Best watch face ever! Love it!!!
Nice desing but extreme battery hog. Just like 90% other this dev faces. Dev need to resolve this battery problem!
Does not show phone battery level of my Nexus 5.
Oldskool modern.
This is a nice watch face. But it is a battery hog and the latest update doesn't make it any better. It's now sluggish and takes too long to appear on screen when flipping your wrist. Please fix.
As others have noted, this is a nice looking watchface, but the negative effect on battery is quite apparent.  I have changed the weather update interval from 20 min (default) to 1 hour, hoping for a difference, but I still lose an extra 20-30 percent of my watch battery throughout the day.
I want my money back
Nice creative content and design. Takes too long to completely draw /refresh.
Your faces are some of the best out there but weather info on all of them is completely inaccurate
Great design!
1.  Make battery life better. It's a hog.  depletes battery 2x faster then V02 so far... probably not q00% accurate test but consistently poor battery compared to other reviewers.  (That's all it will take foe 5 stars)  2.an option to replace wind speed with your current speed would be sweet.
Still destroys my watch battery. I can get twenty hours with other faces. With this one less than twelve. I like the look and the info, but it's not worth the drain.
Weather auto locator does not work at all. Even when using fixed location the weather data doesn't display until well after you tether the watch to your phone. Even using 20 minute weather push it took over an hour before the watch face displayed weather data. Weird. Battery hog. Using moto 360 and Sony xperia ultra.
Face used to FC but Dev updated, fairly quickly at that, now working again!
It is really tough for me to change faces after using this one.
Usable info and interface with options. Good work.
Best watch face for the 360, period. I must have the updated version because battery life seems fine. I only want two things out of it, and then I'll gladly pay $4.99. 1 - Update the phone app to allow custom colors / hues. 2 - make that compass functional.
Excellent implementation. .. love the watch face... EDIT: beautifully designed watch, love ever detail and design point, but it is a complete battery hog, it will suck your watch dry!.... update, battery is better, but it is still a HUGE drain on power
If you adjust the weather update time to one hour, turn off ambient mode and change the time the device stays on from 15 sec to default you get decent battery life. Getting about 10 hours.
This app needs updating so it doesn't eat battery. More options for stand by times. By default it stays on for 15 seconds. Then it hemorages battery  power even on default off time. I can barely get 4 hours out of my device with it.
The update did improve the battery live a little, but it does drain the battery quicker than other watch faces that this dev.has made. Also the alignment of the compass is on the edge of the watch which you can't really see well..
Love it, one of my favourite watch faces. Seems to drain the battery a bit, but its good looks allow me to forgive it...
First of all this is an awesome face but the issue is that it absolutely kills battery as the comments before have said. Its cool if you only use the watch for like 8 hours or so after that it jumps down to around 15%-20% and I'm not a heavy user.
This kills the battery.
Great watchface but bit heavy on battery.
I love this watch face.   Really neat features and clean.   Thank you.
Brilliant!
First off, I LOVE this watch face... It looks awesome and is what I want... Why 2 stars? It's a battery killer, and I think this has something to do with the weather trying to constantly update. Fix this and easy 5 stars!
Battery life using this face is way less.
Pretty hard to beat
I really like the dual battery levels. Also this looks great on the low res moto360 display
My favourite 360 watchface
Great face for moto 360, but battery life makes the device almost useless and the compass is just for show even though the 360 should have the capability to make it live. Also, it would be great to switch out useless info like wind speed for something like heart rate.
The layout design of this watch face is simply the best out. I'm just not a fan of the color scheme. If you enabled the ability to adjust individual hues of elements (with a slider or number value), this app would be taken over the edge. Possibly justify a price bump.  Or release it as a 2.0. Definitely eats battery also. But I see you're working on that daily. Updates are consistent, just no additional controls given...
Too much movement sadly knocking a lot of the display off the bottom. No settings to be able to make changes.
The watch faces they have are mostly decent, some are very well done. The problem is there just isn't enough of them. Not for the price you pay per year. Also, it's taking a very long time for them to fix the coming soon no connection issue. So at the moment, not only are you stuck with a limited number of watch faces to choose from, but there are zero new ones coming in. It's been like this for nearly a month. This app could well be one of the better ones, but still lacks in a lot of areas.
Love the watchface designs "the classyness of them" wish they had more of a clickable interface.. I would be giving a 4 Star review if almost every month now it keeps on telling me in no longer pro & asks me to subscribe again... even tho I'm subbed till 10/10/18...? Please fix this issue & I'll up the review
It stopped working with the new tizen 3.0 update. Please fix the issue. I love this app. Thanks for the response. But it doesn't detect my watch..
One of the MOST expensive watch face apps and has the FEWEST faces. Totally regret my purchase of $16.99. Basically the same number of faces from 11/2016 (approximately 400). This app is NOT worth the money.
Coming soon watch face error conection, please fix it
After the last update coming soon watchfaces cannot be seen
Bring back full subscription.
Good
I have been using this app for over a year now, I just tried to apply the N-on watch face from a new designer. It crashed my watch so bad that the app keeps stopping and restarting on my watch. I paid for premium over a year ago and genuinely enjoyed the app but this experience has completely ruined smart watches for me. I tried everything, even re-installing. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.
This is a great collection of Watchfaces! In my second year of subscription & will continue to subscribe... Quick to catch and fix any problems with their app!  Why did you suspend unlimited subscription? I will gladly pay up too $15.00 a year for unlimited access!!! These are some of the best Watchfaces available!
I use to love this app. After the most recent update, I am unable to install faces on Gear S2. Extremely disappointed.
This simply has the best watch faces you can get on android wear right now, and its so awesome! I love the animated watch faces so much and I love being able to switch the watch faces from my phone. I just wish there were more digital watch faces. I strongly prefer digital to analog. Besides that its an amazing set of watch faces.
The designs of watch faces within the app is very good and beautiful, but the authentication to login is a hassle. It keeps logging me out saying that there is an authentication failure and when i tried again, it just keeps loading.
Watchface doesn't automatically change timezone while traveling. Need to reapply watchface every time. Watch battery doesn't work anymore. Only changes when reapplying watchface.
I would give a five star rating if I knew how to remove notification icon for watchmaker on android zte quartz  (the little gray and white bell) 🔔 on the watch display
Garbage app. Half the faces don't work well.  Save your money
Crashes my watch. It pissed me off. Dont get this joke of a app.
Hey, the watch battery doesn't seem to work on any watch face. The phone battery updates but my watch shows 95% when it's actually at 20%
Great collection of premium watch faces. The issue is it keeps asking for premium though I am already subscribed.
The best watchfaces for Samsung Gear S2/S3 users - anywhere! Also, fast and helpful customer service! Keep it up guys, you're the best!
It's not working with gear s3 version tizen 3.0   edit: I reset the watch, and the app is working now thanks
A very good collection of watch faces that look great on my Samsung Gear
I Love watc master..and all designer who develop watch.. Really love it..made my day dalily..
Thank u now i am able to download and apply all faces
One of the best store to have a great number of faces.
High in quality,low in quantity....for tizen.
Edited: problens solved, thanks Dear watchmaster: I'm having some issues with the app and my new galaxy note 8... I don't know why but the app does not appear anymore on my watch and the link provided when I open the app on my phone goes to galaxy apps app that shows that the app is already installed ... what can I do? Ps: my watch is LG urbane  The best app for wear, worth subscribing
I want to give this more stars. But I cannot get the app to apply the watchface. Maybe it's a Pro feature? I think I should be able to apply a free watchface to evaluate if I want to drop the money for Pro or not... Asus Zenwatch 3.
I had some issues with subscription upgrades when moving to a new device, this has been resolved by the team. Great value for money. Well worth paying for the pro version.
Tizen 3.0 on my Gear S3 has broken Watch Master. When do you expect to be back and working? I have the full version.
Already not using it for more than 5 months because i sold my smartwatches. But i forgot to delete the auto-subscription so it auto-withdraw my token from my prepaid cellphone provider. I feel like being scammed right now
I like this app, but since the update it no longer works on my 3G gear S2. It keep freezing my watch and not displaying a watch face.
Last update crashed the app, can't use my watchfaces.
I haven't gotten it to work on my gear s2
Updated to use with S3, no longer connects to phone. When uninstalled, watch would connect to Bluetooth again.
WHY WAS YOUR GEAR S3 COMPANION APP REMOVED FROM THE GALAXY STORE IN THE US??
please provide vxp watch faces...
cannot set any watchface??
Any plans to make it compatible with the new Gear Sport?
This app is gorgeous and some watch faces look sharp on my Moto 360 gen 2.
Every watch face from them always is misaligned. Please fix. Thank you. On moto 360
Really cool design and the configurable color is a neat feature.
its ok
Waiting for this to appear on my lg urbane but not showing up even after reboot and syncing apps, finally appears two days later..not smooth at all very jumpy
Love it but hate the LOGO! I PAID FOR THIS WATCHFACE I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO STARE AT YOUR LOGO. Make a free version if you want to paste your LOGO on it. I would give it 5☆'s But......
Once the software update arrived on December 17, 2014 and my Moto 360 updated to Android Wear Lollipop, this watch face appeared. Nice, clean design. I haven't seen the race circuit background, but I guess this only appears on days when the Porsche factory team is racing?
Moto 360 2nd Gen. Has a black quadrant at the right hand side that "matches" the one the 360 always has at the bottom. This makes the bottom/right of the face square while the rest is round. Must surely be a bug rather than a design feature. Will not be using this face as it stands.
I had been using this face and loving it as my primary watchface since it came out. Unfortunately after the recent 5.1.1 OS update, the alignment of the time and notifications is no longer correct. Dropping my rating from five stars to two stars until this watchface gets updated to work properly with 5.1.1.
As simple as it is and as many problems as people have,its really nice to see big companies like this embracing new technology. Once watch makers realize they can actually make money from designing smart watches well all benefit. keep it up, Porsche. Love the watch face.
Seriously Porsche??? It does not display properly on the Huawei Watch (or the Moto360 judging by other comments).  Fix it or stick to making cars!
This worked great on my older Urbane, but my new Nixon has an issue with part of the graphic cut off on the right and the bottom cut off as well. Otherwise looks great!
It's an alright watch face. Tells time, etc. Simple logo on the face. No customizability. Can't even change from white to black. Works correctly though on the Moto 360
Used to love it, but it's broken on the Moto 360 gen 2 and Huawei watches - has a black quadrant down the right hand side, and across the bottom. Such a shame, and surely an easy fix.
There is a black square covering the right side and bottom side of the watch. If it weren't for that I would be really happy with the overall simple design.
The white background becomes a white square on black background in the button right corner. I'm guessing it was made for lower resolutions than the Huawei Watch? Useless right now.
Nice looking face but unfortunately does not work on a Huawei device. There's an ugly black quadrant on the right hand side.
I loved this watch face on my LG G, but it doesn't work with my new Asus ZenWatch 3. It's unusable.
Massive design problem on the moto 360. Please fix it.
Don't read the negative reviews about this not working. They were people who couldn't read. This needs android wear 5 to work. It's clean and crisp. Nice watch.
On the right and bottom sides of this watch face, there are black bars which make it look ugly, I am using a Huawei Watch
Sweet n simple. 11/15 downgrade due to misalignment on my new 360...fix please
Same black quadrant as reported on moto. It's as though it's trying to display the square version on a round watch
Love the face. Works on my 360. One question, how do I get the 24hr display? 5 stars when I can get 24hr.
Don't bother downloading if you have a Hauwei watch. It displays half centered and won't work
Black bar on the right side
On my RunIQ, appears to try and use the square version of the watch face, looks terrible.
I like it.  It works fine. But it would be good to have settings options to change text size and it needs option to display battery status. Both watch and phone.
How do get it onto my Lg watch tried everything???
After having reinstalled twice, the watchface still doesn't come up on the watch, nor can I find the app on the phone
Needs an update to work with Huawei Watch, layout has a nasty looking background
I love Porsche and am thrilled for the watch face. Works great, very no nonsense. Can't wait for more!
Watch face was coming up with square corners.
Background cuts off on the right and the time is not centered
Doesn't work,  can't find this face
This face is clean and simple. And I wish you make a black face please
The application doesn't properly fit my watch. Glitch.
Would Love to see a Black option. Black background, gray porsche outline white numbers
A dark version would be great for o-led displays as well as more options. Also buggy in LG G R.
Please fix. Please fix
Won't work
It is really great for car lovers. I personally feel if you can have a black option too. Or more different watch faces.
Not work on ma device archos titanium 40c
Black band on right side as well as the bottom. Plus unlike what shown at store, only display the time.
Has a black list on the right.
But! Please make all of the characters bigger! They only occupy half of the screen and could make use of more of the screen space! Please change it for the better
not working
Not working
Doesn't work (Huawei Watch I)
A great looking and functional watchface. It is just a little bit annoying to have the icon in the app drawer just for some minor settings, try to place them inside the android wear app. Thanks! Keep up the good work!
Definitely needs some options like how long it stays at full brightness. Right now it's now on long enough to get from one side of the screen to the other. Also date and time options.
Needs to have option to show progress at all times. And be able to have diffrent color faces.
No 24h mode
Rich
Looks good
Always seems to think that I'm Excellent,  does not record progress from yesterday
Not in the military so show AM/PM.
No way to change from military time and no way to customize the settings at all
Good
Watch face shows good before exercising. Also lack of date and weather means it's unusable as my every day face.
Just a watch face no redeeming value.
Very nice
Zeer mooie watchface,  maar het zou nog mooier zijn als de altitude meter met de G watch R echt zou werken!!
Gaaf dat KLM een eigen wijzerplaat voor smartwatches heeft!
IWillLetUNoWhenIamReadyForIamSickOfThisCityAllThatMyHomeTownIsAbouseMeAndWillNotBringAllInvoluedInStockingHackingAndTakanallMyRightsAway. IWillLiveByThisFridayElizabethAnnAriasChazarreta06/14/1967ANativeIndanOfTheLatinaOfTheU.S.A/AbouseLostAllRespeckForThisTownUCanKeepIt...
KLM the plane that you can trust.
What a great idea KLM! I really enjoy this app quality and display!
Nice and clean. Only thing missing (for me at least) is an option to invert the standby screen. On the Sony's transflective LCD that would lead to better legibility when the backlight is off
Needs option to hide leading zero.  Seconds go off screen.  What is Sneak Peek?  Add, Fix, Explain, then 5 stars.
Would give it five stars apart from the day and date doesn't change sometimes. If I reset my watch that seems to fix it. Sony smartwatch 3
For me, all the fonts look exactly the same Edit: suddenly worked out
Great.
Can no longer control brightness after installing
Really nice face. Simple and elegant. I wish the digital face font was bigger, looks small compared to roboto
Like the title says, notifications overlap the date, which makes the date and the notification hard to read. Plus, all app settings must be done on the watch. It would be nice to adjust the settings on the phone app.
I really like how this watch face looks but having to go through the wear menus to change colors etc is very tedious and would prefer the option to do so from the mobile app.
Cards showing on dimmed screen cover up some of the time and/or date when show date is enabled.
Unless I did something wrong... when I have the watch (moto 360) in always-on mode and the watchface set to NOT auto-dim the text or background, the screen will dim after a few seconds, then not return to full brightness unless you physically tap it, i.e. lifting/flicking/turning your wrist to view the watch face doesn't do anything.
Thanks. I am using Sony Smart Watch 3 but there is no battery icon. I cannot find it in preferences.
This is a great face and the dev is awesome and willing to improve based on feedback. Thanks so much!!!
If you have the gear live, use the black background for big battery savings. Hope he updates by 1/31/15 so we don't lose the watchface
...The cards didn't cover up the date... It would be great if there was an option to raise the clock and date to the top of the screen so the date isn't covered up
Thanks for the awesome app :-)
If only I can change settings from accompanied phone.
Great watch face!
Awesome
I have an old Zenwatch 1 and it works great for that. It has a few built-in face backgrounds, dials, and hands that you can use to quickly build your own watch face. If you don't like the provided options you can use your own. I haven't tried using my own background, dials, or hands yet because I was satisfied just using the defaults. There are also widgets you can add for extra information like watch battery level, phone battery level, day, date, weather, steps, etc...  My only gripe is that the ambient screen is limited to just time. You can't put widgets on the ambient screen. You can't even put the day and date on the ambient screen. If they would allow widgets (or at least day and date) in the ambient screen I would raise my rating from 3 to 5.
This would be awesome and 5 stars easily if it had more options. Such a tiny selection of "ticks" (analog face). Very few options for watch hands. You can theoretically import additional ones, but there's not a lot of options for finding that sort of thing online. Useful for wallpaper and not much else. Gave it 4 stars since there aren't any alternatives that do the same thing. After custom making my watch face, I don't like anyone else's.
The functionality of this app could be improved with more choices of the building blocks. One major flaw is lack of AM/PM option for the digital clock (unless I am blind). You have hours, separator and minutes to configure, but AM/PM is missing for both clock and timezone options... What's up with that?
I'm not sure why I can't add custom faces, but It simply won't have created a few, tried to upload, looks like it's trying... but nothing.   Same old face. There is no useful instructions, no way to see what the issue is, no error messages, nothing to give a hint to what the issue is.  Frustrating.
There's nothing except for the hands and tick showing in the ambient mode face, and I would like to have non animated widgets, like  the ones found on the Paul J. Pereira face. It would also be nice to be able to edit stock watch faces like the one explained above so I could have a nicely colored watch face.
I have lost "thanks" to new version all usefull information in ambient mode. How stupid is smartwatch now. Waking just does not work as needed. Can I go back to old version?
This Ap could be rated 5-stars, except that it repeatedly deletes/loses my User watchfaces! My creations are great, but --- they disappear over random time --- days, weeks? The only watch designs retained are those by ASUS. User creations --- disappear! If this problem is resolved, the AP is great -- -and deserves 5 stars.
Could not get it to apply watch face to Asus Zenwatch 2 after upgrade to Wear 2.0. Installed the app on watch and phone, and now works great. Wish it had option to add chronograph circles for placing widgets in.
The major problem with the app is that I can't apply my creations to my watch. Whenever I press "apply" button, the app gives a message "applying...", but nothing happens. It also lacks options, especially for fonts. There is only one aviable text font, and few more for digital watch faces, but I couldn't find any pleasent ones. The editor in the app works fine and it's easy to use but it lacks options as mentioned earlier. Would earn four stars if I managed to use my watch faces, but I find this app useless as I can't get my creations to my watch.
Disappointing that it advertised that it works with the Zen watch 2, but yet refuses to apply watch faces to the watch.  My watch is running the latest Android wear updates (2.0) and every time I try to add a face it denies it. Please fix, I would love to add in my own styles to really make my watch my own! Plus, add the option to rotate the text / icons on the watch face. Some of the stock built in watch faces have rotated text so that would be wonderful to see in this app as well. But overall support for the latest watch updates first!
For some reason, even though I just updated the Zenwatch 3 and updated everything, this app doesn't let me send my custom design to the watch. If it's fixed I'll rate it better.
I was unhappy for the android wear updare 1.5 to 2.0 on my new asus zenwatch 3 after i bought it for 5day. Now after the update some of the features like ZenWatch manager, zenwatch remote & facedesign cannot be install to the watch. Cannot copy google account to watch, therefore play store on watch doesn't work. Eventhought google play music doesn't exit anymore on the watch. New gorgeous watch because an update felt like less features..... Pls fix this matter asap.  If not the watch not worthy for me any more. Fed up with this problem.
Awesome app but one important thing is missing. Please add the ability to switch between different custom watch faces from the watch. Annoying to be forced to change the custom watch faces from the app in the phone. Look at how Facer does it. Would 5 star if this is fixed.
Every time I open the app I have to change the watch setting to Zenwatch 1. The app keeps defaulting to Zenwatch 3. I wish the app would remember my watch.
I love love love this app! I can add data items over pics of my grandkids or whatever wallpaper I want! Husband is a wee bit jealous. Would love any additional data items you add in the future (hint hint)
App is not as useful as expected. Needs more customization options.  I'm not able to see the right colors in the ambient mode. Please improve it further so that we can give better ratings.
Does not work.. refuses to send face to watch.. have now tried 3 different times and nkt a one has worked
App is not compatible with Android wear 2.0. I can't load designs on to the watch. I have a Asus Zen2 watch and I'm am running all app updates. I would rate higher if they you resolve this problem.
When customizing your own watch hands, .png files without backrounds will upload with their backrounds. This makes this feature less funtional as you end up with large black rectangles. Everything else works mostly.
I agree with Hawood Giles, I made a really nice watch face only to lose it when creating a new one. Will wait for a bug fix update for this problem.
My faces stopped syncing to my zenwatch 2 after I upgraded my phone to the note 8, I have messaged the Asus support and just got a thanks for feedback. I can not add custom watch faces anymore, would love to be able to, but without any response to emails seeking support I can't rate more than 1 star... Honestly I would like to not even give that right now.
Recent update has removed any widgets from ambient mode. Please Asus, get his "bug" fixed.
The app is really good! But more fonts and a color picker could be added. Customizability is very nice, apart from the two points mentioned above. Also, an option of adding the seconds counter for the digital watch face would be nice. :)
I love the new ambient designer, but I've lost all my widgets and can't add them in the new designer. Will those be added?
Very limited. "Date" only has day of the month. No way to display month or year. Cannot draw bars or boxes that fill from a value (battery level for instance), no way to display temp, just the weather icon. I would expect more functionality from an app made by the watch manufacturer.
Can you get the photo to come out square instead of round? I have a square watch. Would give 5 star if it can do this?
Waste of time! After making a watch face there is no apparent way to apply it to my watch. Emails to customer service seeking help are ignored.
Too basic. Simple things, like rotating the clock on a digital face, are not available even though these things are present in ASUS made faces.
It would be really cool if this app was updated for 2.0, with complication support and even more creation options. Please don't give up on Wear and the app Asus!
Easy to make a watchface but unable to upload it to my watch.... Makes it rather useless doesn't it..
Wouldnt push the smartwatch face I have made to my Zenwatch 2. The only thing the app was made for, and it isn't able to do it?
Love being able to put my own graphics on my watch face. Very customizable. A little more development and this app will be awesome. (Plus it's free!)
Love this app!  I can finally customize my watch face to coordinate with the home screen on my phone.   There so many options to choose from, still customizing is quite easy and fun.
I Love this app. Custom designs for my zen watch. It took me just a few minutes to transform my watch into a pip boy. Great job on this app.
Simple face designer but doesn't actually let you load the faces on to your watch. Clicked "apply" it said it was applying but didn't make any difference to the watch face appearance.
Very configurable but if I can't remove the leading zero on a digital watch face then I won't use it.  I want to see 9:14 not 09:14.
Yup as the title says, over a dozen custom faces now apparently gone. Where does the app store it's faces??
Easily a 5-Star app if we have more template choices for watch face customizations. Along with that, the option for the month and whether to display a three letter abbreviation or the whole month name.  And creating chronograph choices would be great too. Other than that, I love the app.
It worked fine with my ZenWatch 3 but since the update to Android wear 2 this app does not deploy the watch faces anymore
Ever since the ambient update this app pisses me off. The weather and battery percentage is on screen for such a short amount of time i have to keep clicking on my watch face to see the weather and battery percentage
The weather information keeps crashing that's the whole reason I got it. On my Nixon mission. Fix it and I'll give 5 stars
I am having trouble installing the SO3 Watchface onto Huawei Watch 3439. I have a Samsung S8 phone.
I have no idea why they dont like this watch face
Beautiful and very functional, unfortunately battery life was cut in half so had to uninstall it.
It does not install on lg watch
Beautiful face, but unacceptable battery drain. I normally get 30 hours with other faces, but I'm only getting 12 with this face. Unfortunately, we have to go past our refund window to find this out.  Other than that, this is the perfect geek watch face. There's an incredible amount of data organized into the various faces.
Easily my favorite watch face, but echoing others, battery drain is terrible compared to other faces.  I go from 36 - 48 hours on other faces to barely 12 on this face.  All settings set to slowest refresh, GPS disabled, etc.  Would LOVE an update that helped battery life!
Never installed! Doesn't even show up in my wear app. Could have just thrown money in the street.
Great watch face only issue is every time my phone uses its gps to refresh the altimeter and accelerometer it clear the watch faces weather and will not bring it back unless I go into the watch settings and hit refresh. And this is for the LG Urbane 2nd edition. If that can be fixed ill be happy to give you 5 stars.
I've had to change my review. Please, please get the weather info fixed. It works for a few minutes then cuts out with nothing available.
I just bought this watch but it's not installing on my LG Sport watch.  I tried earlier but got a refund, trying again but still no luck, but no option for a refund again?  So I paid for nothing?
in this watch face contact & fit dont work true.please remove them.
Great watch face, but the weather forecast need to me in two digits, not three digits! would be great if the developer could fix this ASAP
Every detail you need on your wrist
Was great crashes on wear 2.0
Sweet face!!!!
Step counter works well , and is very accurate on my huawei watch. More accurate then google fit and daily tracking. Weather works OK but not as accurate as the weather icon on my watch. Major problem is the battery drain. 6% per hour is too much! I even have heart rate , ambient mode and tilt to wake off.
Love the watchface but periodically force closes and causes the contacts to stop working.
Calendars cannot be selected in settings and no calendar data is shown on my watch. Probably using multiple colors (text/values) would improve the design significantly.
How do I change the weather provider?
Love the watchface just what I was looking for all in one
Great
Face is very beautiful even when is in ambient mode. Is perfect for traveling since it gives you a lot of information about different countries hours and a complete weather forecast. The app is a little bit hard to find in the store and also apparently it doesn't install standalone in your phone. If you factory reset your watch you will not find the face in the Android Wear app and you will have to install the face again from the Store.
Weather is not accurate most times. 5th star when resolved.
Nice WatchFace The weather did not update and it is a bit more battery consuming
Found some issues, after weeks of continuos lock ups of my S7 phone dialer and poor watch battery performance i have uninstalled this watchface, now my watch only used 23% in 12 hours and my phone has not locked up at all, I think I found the cause was this watchface. Its a shame as it is an awesome face
Ok, i will not write the whole thing again, pls fix the weather data caching to keep the data until next weather update. All data is still lost after few minutes or when disconnected and regardless of update interval. I will give 5 stars on all when this gets fixed
The weather gets discounted continuously and it drains the battery.
Awesome design and functionality, only criticism is not enough updates and long time between new releases. Keep up the great work!
2nd face I have paid for that locks up parts of my phone even after a factory reset. Dev will not reply and past time for refund. Purchase at your risk. As soon as I Uninstaller my phone does not lock up. No one face does it but ones from this dev.
Since the update it uses much more battery life! Try to fix that!!!!
Great watch face. When my watch screen goes into low power mode the font gets larger and is pushed up and off the screen if I get a notification. It would be good to have a setting to stop the font size changing
Not appearing on watch or app
One hickup though, after letting this run for a while, my screen was all screwed up with it flickering a bunch, fixxed by resetting watch and turning it off for a while. but it did fix my dead pixels. my experience was a few black pixels in a line. now they're gone after a few hours of letting it run on (.05 seconds i think)
Works as advertised! The Moto 360 (1st Generation) is susceptible to screen burn-ins. Doing this fixed it!  Cons: No donation button?
When my Moto 360 would boot, I thought I saw two dead pixels on the boot logo.  Sure enough, this app confirmed it.  Time for an exchange.  Thank you for this app!
Managed to find a dead pixel, it didn't get unstuck though :(, so time to go for an exchange. This app is great at finding them though.
I really wanted the test pattern in the app picture. As it is it works perfectly and as advertised although I don't have any stuck pixels. Given all that I should have given 4 stars instead of one.
Helped me to fix two stuck pixels on my 360.
Fixed mine :D But there's still a little dot left
App won't let me change speed or colors
i am unable to open the app on my lg g watch R running wear 2.0
Identified the dead pixels but did not fix.  Nice and easy interface with good ad placement
It's really work for my Moto 360 1gen, 5 stars! Thanks, guys!
This does work but you need to give it hours
Don't show up on my watch
5 stars because of title. Unfortunately did not fix those stucked pixels for me, probably because they are physically dead. Still a good app, and thanks for your effort.
Might not be intended use,  but I use it now and again when I see slight burn in on my LG G Watch R screen.  Gets ride of the issue :)
Tapping on my asus two watchface does nothing. Why can't this be accessed another way.. Like add to wear app and pushed to the watch.. Am i missing this feature because i looked everywhere for another way
It damaged even more my moto360 screen, now it has more dead pixels
Tried installing twice and hitting sync in wear app but the app never appears on the watch menu.
Shows if you have a dead pixel but did not fix it
Please make it avaliable for Sony smartwatch 2
Burning pumpkin animation giving cool effects on my watch , Good Work Developer !  this is what just i want on this halloween ! thanks
It a good watch face but, Could you design this watch face so it shows date and watch battery life. It would get a 5* rating from me then then.
Interactive mode crashes my LG urbane, already running 1.3
Crashes
It would be great if you could the hourly METAR / SPECI reports. Maybe even the Synoptic reports.   As a surface weather observer,  I would be alot more inclined to use it, if I didn't have to use this, then navigate environment Canada, when it really could just be together.   An easy 5 stars from me if this was done  Always selects wrong location   has proper permissions
The app used to be a little more customizable. Now things that I had on the front page take several clicks to get to. Ui is pretty though. Edit: After the update that was supposed to improve navigation I am still disappointed with the navigation. The customizable layout that was previously used was still much more functional then the present layout. The accuracy of the app is still good.
Ive been using this app for years and download it with every new phone I get.   Now with the changes, It takes longer to load often so long that I will sometimes close it before it even finishes opening because I've run out of time.    This past week i haven't been able to get it to fully load at all.
So far it's not 2 bad. It did tell me it was raining outside and temp was 5 but actually it was snowing and temp was -2. Lol I think it's been corrected
the fact that it has 4 widgets and none of them can provide information other than now, or in 1,2,3 hours....no information for a week forecast, or even the next 48h. just for that keeping installed is a waste of screen real estate
I preferred the old format. Not sure why you guys feel the need to keep fixing things that aren't broken. Also I wish you people would realize there's more to Canada than the great lames region. EDIT: it has been about s year and it is still obnoxious.
I would give this app a better rating if it allowed the end user to move it to their sdcard. I believe this used to be an option with earlier versions. This app is fairly large in size & would prefer to have it on my memory card & not forced to my devices internal memory.
The new app is useless to long to load screens information is all over the place and there's now more adds and fluff than site. I don't care that bobs dog has a leg that tells time and knows when it's going to snow just give me the weather damnit. I'll soon just delete the weather app. Google gives me the weather anyway.
21-02-2018 This app getting worst. Not only it crashes, but now, it freezes my mobile (Samsung Note 3) I can't close the app nor the actual cell phone. This used to be the best but now the WORST. 30-03-17 This the worst version. This app used to be the best... Now crashed while viewing the weather forecast. Still crashes (black screen)  when reading the news section. I've sent many feedback concerning this problem. Is anyone reading these feedbacks and rating? This has been occurring since the latest version of this app. I may have to select a different app in the futur if this problem isn't corrected. The previous version used to work so well. Seems this is going backwards. Let's go into a better futur. Thank you. Revision 5/03/17 Seems your updates isn't correcting the actual problems. I suspect the feedback isn't working also. It doesn't sppear that anyone from Weather Network is reading these feedbacks. No wonder people get angry. I am very patient but there are limits. Please respond or correct the problems. Thank you.
Got latest update.  Format is better but the app still crashes and burns on a regular basis.  (Older comments) Worse than ever! App still crashes out all the time. I even get warnings about this unstable app slowing down my phone due to continuous crashes from malwarebytes. The new format is difficult to use, is very slow loading and doesn't give the details clearly like the old one. Used to be able to see what the day was hourly with precipitation amounts.  It also frequently crashes to a blue screen.
Open app, grey screen, says input city, city  not found. Location is on. Searched major city (ie Toronto) city not found..  app does not work.  Junk
Overall great, gives awesome and up-to-date push notifications for severe weather. Only downside is most of the time I try to use the radar it loads one time slot and then the rest of the radar forecast is blank.
Wondering if there is an actual human actually looking at the radar because you are terrible at predicting the weather. Lol
This app has gone down hill. slow loading, disorganized. Too many news articles about nothing.
The update made it less convinient to get to the information. We used to be able to get everything we wanted in one page.
Was good until recent update turned it into a giant billboard of ads. Before  was one small ad at the bottom. Now it has several half screen sized ads.
Weather almost every screen conflicts with the previous. At best it gives us something to talk about.
The content and look of the app is really nice, but it takes far too long to load. Almost 10 seconds every time you open it.
Follow me does not work right very slow to load
PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD APP.  This new App is terrible.
Ads make it suck. You ruin the whole weather service you are trying to provide by putting ads in your app.  Greed is unappealing. Will uninstall.
For the last 3 months this app does not allow me to see the weather.  I get the notifications at the top of my phone but as for "weather when you need it" it provides nothing but "this app has stopped working.  Would you like to report"
Unable to search for my city, just shows me a grey screen that won't go away.
It is stupidly slow to load information.
U get paid too much to be wrong 60 % of the time !
Useless app that never loads the weather forecast!!
Too slow, too much advertisement.
SLOW AF!!! Lags. Sometimes doesn't load or refresh
Most Informative. Never miss a day's weather report. Thanks!
Sometimes I can't even get past ads
Freezing many timea upon opening.
too many advertisement is annoying on the screen
The update screwed it up. Hardcore.
Best app on the market. Weather is always right.
The widget doesn't update sometimes The app is still pretty good, though.
it takes Samsung S8 5 seconds to start this app, why is so slow after new updated??
I think this app is very useful. I use it everyday to see what it's like outside before I step out the door
Giving the compele info for long period, doesn't need to click 2 times,
I get all the info I need when I go into this app
Good, but takes a lot of and bandwidth.
Amazingly customizable!!!!! Even the limited ones you have full choice of the colors given. I wanna buy all these watch faces now
Great and beautiful designs. I really want to use the owl design but when I'm listening to music the card with the artist and play/pause button comes up higher on the watchface (and coversn up the time) then it does on the other watch faces. A fix to this would be greatly appreciated!
Awesome watch faces. Really hoping for an update with more illustrations. I'd love to see an otter in one. Or any other nice images.
Nice! But could you add more setting like more colors and settings? Thanks!
Fantastic faces! Very customizable and fun! Very happy with this purchase. :)
Simple and elegant
Best
Deceptively simple designs that combine s fantastic design aesthetic with the functions you need.  Not only that, but the color palette is up to you and very customizable - should one so desire, one could keep the same watch face but change the palette to fit that day's outfit!  Great stuff from a great developer who is not only open to feedback, but who even pounces on reported issues like a tiger on a T-bone.
These watch faces are simple and fun, but you can see the detail and time spent creating them. It'll turn any watch into something that represents your animal side.
I'd love to have a colour selector for the octopus watch face to allow colours other than orange and green, and also the option to remove the battery level. Aside from that, very good.
These are my favorite set of watch faces in the store. They look cool, have great art, and have a variety of options on how you want the time presented. I wish the developer would actually add more watch faces. Would love to see more concepts and designs.
With the other watch faces I've bought, I receive regular updates with refinements and added watch faces. This was apparently a one-off. Can't recommend it.
I brought this and it hasnt been installed onto my phone or the app. What do I need to do to put it on??
I love the style of the octopus watch face, though I'd like to have a wider color selection. Overall though, one of my favorite faces.
Great watch face,  my default for the last months.
Amazing work - well worth spending the money if not more!! Can't wait for what might come next from V!!
Great work. Owl watchface looks awesome on my Moto360.
All of the faces look so freaking cool!
Who doesn't want a Octopus watch face
I love owls and octopus so this had the besttttt choices. Won my heart💜
Bought this just for the orange face with the octopus. I'd love love a brighter orange, though.
Really great illustrations!
Love the octopus, worth the purchase for this one face alone.
Great design and style, perfect addition to my 360!
Work well on moto360, thanks for checking
Beautiful illustrations with Lovely Details
These are gorgeous! Thanks for fixing ambient mode on the SW3!
Cool
Perfect
You get not one, but FOUR amazing watch faces, each of which is different in its visual presentation and how it expresses time. Really well done collection.
It's going to be hard to replace the incredible Dr Who watch face that fat Russell put out but I think these might do it
for some new watch faces to spice up my Moto 360 and these fit the bill. The art is great and they look quite classy on my watch.
Finally a watch face that Cthulhu would approve of.
Love that you can customize each watch face to make it a "one of a kind".
Love that you can change the background colors
Great illustrations work. Love it.
These watch faces are customizable, quirky and cleanly executed. Great stuff!
The illustrations should be there when the watch goes into always on ambient mode. It just shows the digital time for me and the rest is all black.
Colors need to be more customizable
I am absolutely in love with this app as my watchface. the only things I would want more would be an option to have a square layout for the text/numbers, and the option to set it to keep a single color rather than change every day. but! this is still an adorable watch face nonetheless, and I appreciate it greatly!
Purchased this to use on my phone as a widget, but won't resize beyond 1x1. Please fix and will adjust review!
Perfect
I wish I could customize some settings. I would like to disable the black ambient mode.  I use the moto 360.  In fact the main reason I bought the watch face was to get away from all these dark watch faces.
Adorable, simple and soothing. Now I need some warm milk
A but simple for how much it costs, but it's still awesome!
Once installed you can't find it and it doesn't appear on your watch
Lol installs and the watch face is nowhere to be found.
Cant find it after install
I love it....
Would be nice to be able to customize text and background colors, as well as allow adding your own words. As well as color in the sleep mode. Next level would be changing words based on some triggers, eg home o'clock - geolocation, email o'clock - new email, walk o'clock - data from google fit, etc
On my phone (Samsung S7) I can't actually open the app to change it from "something o'clock" to any of the other options. I like the idea, and it's a nice design, but obviously this could do with fixing!
great code ;)
What a crab!!  Don't put title free!!
Show up on my moto 360.
Never resets the clock selector so I can change end time. App crashes opening settings from android wear app, galaxy note 4.                                                                        Also since this is a paid app can there be an option to remove the text "wait4it" from the watchface? Looks wayyyy too cluttered.
I have an xperia z3 and a lg g watch and after 10mins the app is not on my watch
Not exactly "free" you have to install ine of the many garbage apps shown in the advertisements in the app.
I like the watchface and i have it on from the past 6 months, but i need to sat that there are not many updates. We need some new backgrounds for the watchface and more bugs fixes in syncing of the phone battery. Even some more customisation for the time and date and how to place them. It is an expensive watchfacecompared to other watchfaces and when you buy expensive stuff u expect regular updates and new things.
I miss being able to change the color of the ambient light like that of the not pro version, just black and white is boring. Perhaps they can push out an update? Besides that it's my favorite watch face so far.
Just an awesome watch face. Love the customization, look of the date/cal and weather, the overall look of everything is just really good. This and  A4-1 round are my two favorite watch faces and I've gone through tons. I'm very picky. Good job Dev👍👍👍👍👍
Edit : does no work well with Android wear 2.0. Colors do not switch, watch face cannot be customized. Please fix  Love this watch face design!! Great job devs. However, the watch face sometimes takes a few seconds to redraw...
I used to love it... Before Android wear 2.0, now I can't customize anything, I just get the ambient screen all the time and sometimes a background. Horrible, and haven't seen an update in ages.
Good watch face. The only issue I've  encountered is the weather widget seems to get the wrong date. It is showing summer temperatures in winter :)
Love this watchface but this week it stopped working on my Huawei watch. I can only get the free version to work. I paid for the Pro -version a while back to be able to use the different options. This has been my daily watchface since then. Can this be fixed? I really like it.
This is my all time favorite app for my watch. To me, it has style like no other. I change to others from time to time but I always come back to this one. Love it..
This *was* my favorite watch face, but after my watch updated itself to Android Wear 2.0, it's no longer compatible. Lowering my rating to 1 star until it gets updated.
The weather widget is incorrect.  The app shows my correct location but the weather is wrong.  I'm currently in California where it was 80° yesterday but the widget said it was 35°.  Please fix this!
This was my favorite watch face until my watch upgraded to Android Wear 2.0, and now seems to be incompatible.  One that's fixed, back up to 5 stars
One of the best design out there with not too many features. Weather widget does not update. Calendar is not linked to Google/reminders etc. which makes it less important. Would be good to see more customization options like shortcuts to apps.
Lovely watch face. Great design, looks really nice and people often comment on it, which doesn't happen very often so it must look good! Great work...
One of my absolute favourite faces. However, on Wear 2.0 I have to swap away from the face and back for changes on the phone app to sync
Not sure but all the sudden this is no longer compatible with my Asus Zenwatch 3. Was it because it was upgraded and the watch face was not?
Hauwei smart watch 2 sport did give 5 Stars but the app is not letting me change face in Android Wear on my honor 7x really hope Dev team are reading reviews and fix with update when this happens will give 5 Stars again
I love this face, especially all the customisation options. Seems pretty good on battery and the ambient options are nice (a lot of watches allow loads of customisation on the normal face but not the ambient mode). Is there a way we could save our personal customisations in a future version?
Android O: phone's battery indicator is stuck on 89% after update.
I would like to be able to change weather info provider as default one is too often misleading. Everything else is perfect.
Paid for watchface will not install after 360 factory reset!! Stolen my money thieves
Add more weather providers, current one is very inaccurate.  Switched weather to step counter - doesn't work either
how to make show without the bg texture on ambient mode same as the rugged2  free version?
Purchased the pro version.  Does not work on Huawei watch.
it not work on my moto360sport and I can refund money back too
Not applying changes after the android wear 2.0 update on my fossil
Would be 5 star if option was added to flip the angle...or maybe set custom angle.  Pretty please?
I love this watch face, it's ace!!!! There's so many choices, you can choose the colours you want, tye communication is fab to help you along.
Does the calendar show events? Am i missing something?
It's a nice looking watch face but phone battery icon is stuck at 60% right now
Black screen after 2.0 update.
Pro does not work on Huawei
It's one of the best stylish watch faces around, so 5 🌟, works very well  😊
Best watch app. Great add-ons!
I have the pro version but it's now nowhere to be found to select it!
After updating to Android 7.1.1 watch face is not showing anymore
My favourite by far!!! This watch face draws so much attention.  The Pro is the best by far....Love it!!! 👍
Love it but it won't update new screens when I change the layout or colours
Not working in MsFit wear.
weather still not fixed
Why I can't instal it on my Huawei Watch any more?
Love the idea. The colour is now fixed but is still grey in dim mode? Is that by design, I'd like it to be the colour all the time, or an option to choose the dim mode colour because grey is v dull. Also,  the hour hand grows grey before changing colour which looks odd. Then I think it would be 5 stars. Thx. Re reply,  perhaps an option and grey by default would still fit spec? Is that possible?
Works as described. I agree it would be better to have color in dim mode.
Great
I downloded but cannot find the app...and in the play store there is only option to uninstall....i cannot find th icon and cannot open from play store.
This is a great watch face...  Would like to see some more customization options like different colors,  taking off the weather indicator and I would really like to be able to remove the circle outline.
Can't seem to find any sort of options to use Fahrenheit for weather . in fact there is zero options . would like to see an ability to add watch battery % to this .  other then that very different and unique take . not sure the effect it will have on my moto 360s battery life yet but we will see. If I can get a reply to this comment or my email I'll add the 5th star asap
Looks great!
The color change on the tear drops needs to be smoother and it would be nice to have the option to use an am/pm style clock but overall its well worth the dollar
Would prefer more solid or gradient color backgrounds, the ones supplied can make numbers hard to read, but love the animated numbers and choice of horizontal or vertical
I have many watch faces for my Moto 360, but this is fast becoming my favorite "go to" dial.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Like the way the time is displayed. Wish there were solid black and White background options. Solid black with red & white numbers. Off-white with red & gray numbers. Nice face.
Simple yet configurable and the animations look amazing.
Not worth the price,expect to have some nice customization options,but there are none
Update: I found the way to change the stones, but it was not intuitive. Some instructions would he been nice. For those who don't know, you can change the stones within the watch by going into your settings, change watch face, and there you will see the settings gear. So, as promised, my rating has increased from two stars.  Original: Have been waiting for the stone to change, but it doesn't. I cannot find a way to change it either. Once those are fixed, the rating will go up.
These faces are so beautiful, but I wish there was an option to turn off the clock flipping to the rock story. I don't need to accidentally read it every time I touch my watch. It'd also be great if we could add some customization, like seeing the weather, or # steps, or # of notifications.
Beautiful watch faces overall, though a couple are out of focus. Still love.
Beautiful watch face, but I really want to be able to customize the hands and tick marks. Any ways I can do that? Instructions would have been great.
The hands weren't interesting enough
Beautiful
Simple and beautiful. It's designed for a simple, straightforward task and it works beautifully. My biggest wish is that I could change the hands and tick marks to silver because I think that might look a little better with my watch. Obviously this isn't going to keep me from using it, but if I had this one option, I may call it perfect.
Love the textures and colours, thank you so much, as mesmerizing as galactic images I love as wallpaper, you can make wallpaper like these, I would install on everything!
Now that you can change the faces it's awesome. They're beautiful
Excellent clocks all r.
Please add date
Can't change image
Absolutely stunning
Pretty but plain
No words
Loved it
Can't we have the option to chose which of the 12 faces there is. Atm there's this horrible turquoise face for the whole month, I'd have to wait to change it. I currently have it uninstalled until the Jan now. Hopefully itl be a better face
You only have one face there are no others
Wish i could select which face...the one in the previews is gorgeous,  this current turquoise...not so much
There are some pretty designs from what I can see in the screen shots, but unfortunately you can't pick which one you want to have set as your watch face. You have to wait a whole month for it to change.
It keeps a add where every 3 sec of use if keeps flipiong  fn annoying
What is the point of this watch face, when the legs are missed in the messy marble design??????
Organic
Beautiful and classic
Good
Garbage
I liked it but getting pop up ads to "like" Pizza Entertainment's facebook page on my phone after *paying* is completely unacceptable. Uninstalling and won't buy again from this vendor.  Do NOT use intrusive advertising with paying customers.
After paying for the app you still have the pleasure of being pestered with ads. How nice.
I like it the watch face. Would be nice if I could change from Celsius to Fahrenheit .
This is a great watch face I use with my smart watch 3
Works on my new Huawei.  Awesome.
Does anyone make a good looking TIMER that is not cluttered with a lot of other distracting objects? The clarity of this design is simply beautiful! Draws your attention to the main focus - the time. Since those of us who do public speaking really don't want to be so conspicuous about time by lugging around a big timer or our smartphone, an app for a smartwatch would be perfect. An app that clearly displayed a TIMER (countdown and/stopwatch) INSTEAD of the time - like this watch face would be a dream come true . Ideally it would be nice to be able to toggle between displaying the TIME or a TIMER. And instead of the small weather cloud, perhaps some other symbol like a small digital stopwatch readout (when a countdown timer is being displayed). Many of us would be willing to purchase such an app but can not find ANYONE who makes one as  attractive as your All Text HD Watch Face. Please help!
But please add option for adding a 0 in front of current time so when the time is "1:40" , for example, it will look like this: "01:40" and option for showing phone battery status, please.
Could use some additional customization options, but I love the simplistic yet stunning design.
Very nice, clean face. But please add a dark background. This would really help.
Really clean really clear really nice worth the money. Great job
it would be perfect if you could add the temperature near the weather icon
Nice looking watch face, but would love it if it could display light text on a dark background
Can you fix to 12hr mode?
Attractive, minimal but still somewhat informative watchface that looks great on the Moto 360. Would love more customizable options in the future, like font choices and font color. It would be nice to have an option for light text on a dark background. Right now, it's limited to dark text on a light background.
no option to for no ambient mode like in weather watchface. unfortunately, i had trouble getting it to sync. had to reboot phone and watch and by the time i saw the trouble i missed the refund window. not too happy.
Very clean design, I like it. The only problem I have with it the ambient mode. The date gets mixed up with the pending notification.
Can you add phone battery option too and better yet the option to select color for the font in dim mode?
The only watch face I have to do this any help to fix would be appreciated
It's black on white - ish background. I'd like to have a choice as the other way hides the spare tyre issue better, which brings me to the next point. There should be use of the little world strips along the bottom. Having said alk that I like the face , it works perfectly and with the features I mentioned I'd pay for it.
This is one of the best simplistic design I have seen. Please update the face with few features like the phone battery and weather. sharper numbers/icons would be nice. Thank you!
This is probably the smartest looking watch face that I have downloaded for my Wear. Great options,  colours and blends. Any chance of having the option to disable the weather and battery displays?
Liked this one so much brought the weather face as well..looks wicked on moto 360. Very happy would recommend to anyone. Keep up the great work guys!
All the information I need at a glance. Would love to be able to invert the colors. Black background and white text.
Love this watch face.  Doesn't clutter up the screen and battery usage is pretty good.
Unlike most faces, this one actually looks as clear as in the pics. Keep me coming!
It also seems to be pretty battery friendly.
No way to change to Fahrenheit
Beautiful but please add temperature.
Extremely nice on my moto 360
No ambient
Looks Sharp
Looks good on ZenWatch
Most of the watch faces available really overdo it, I find this one to be pretty much perfect.  There's just enough on the face without it being too much and customizable color means it goes with anything.  One nice improvement would be the ability to save a palette of favorite colors.
Very nice watch face for my Lg g watch r!
Great but I want the face to be black and the text to be white and I didn't see the option to change to text color
Ambient mode should be a dimmer version of normal. Unfortunately it's a mono-colour version. Also as many others have said to no avail - the battery level needs to fit in the circle. Come on devs - get your act together!!
The pics are misleading. It shows the %fitting in the circle. (Screen shot it for your records) ESPECIALLY the 3rd pic. It should all be reduced to fit inside the circle. But now that I look at the reviews and some of the dates to this very complaint in 2014, obviously these request for corrections will go ignored. They need to refund if they have no plans to fix it. Guess I won't be buying anymore unfortunately :-/
Battery percentage needs reducing in size as it goes over the circle frame on G Watch R.
Batt % symbol does not fit.
Thank you best watches for lg g watch r
Nice face. Please add 24 hr time.
I really like it.  A simple and cool flashy watchface.   It works well on my Moto 360 Sport.
Oct2 2016 ambient mode is bright large digital clock..  not sure how oled protection
V
Maybey
Good
Very nice. Really appreciate the battery percentage feature.
Bright color sharp
Alliah
Very nice looking face. It comes at the cost of battery life in my case. My Moto 360 (2nd gen) burned through half it's battery life in a little over 2 hours!
Just installed it yesterday so will be back to give more info.
Amazingly fun
Great 3rd party watch face that doesn't kill my battery. Love the effects as well. Great job, it's my main go to watch face!
It's pretty awesome
great app xxx
This watchface managed to steal my attention for a few minutes as I enjoyed the light show. The different colors are bright and the patterns remind me of a spirograph. This is a good face to show off a smart watch's ability to change the face second-by-second. Looks great on my Moto 360!
Like all non-stock watch faces, all it did was crash my moto360 v2.
It looks good and works well
Very nice
The watchface is crashing randomly through my day on my Huawei Watch. Already crashed 6 times in less than 8 hours. The battery meter is not accurate at all and sometimes weather does not update... It has the potential but has many bugs too.
Fresh design, really looks great on my LG Urbane. The _one_ problem I'm having, however, is the lack of Fahrenheit conversion.
Love the watch face and design. However force closes frequently, and the battery metres does not sync.
Battery meter not accurate and temperature not changeable to Fahrenheit
Nice clean design, but phone/watch battery meters are Not showing correct percentage.
Please let me disable weather or change the unit.
I'd give 5 if I was able to display temperature in Fahrenheit.
Love it! Fresh visuals and a clean ambient display!
I love it! BUT I would like more HD at the main display.
Needs weather
Simple, yet stylish, like a black suit.. The weather is icon is quite useless though.. Once it's turns 6pm, it automatically sets to the moon & stars.. The battery gauges are sometimes off too, and by a long shot.. My phone is currently at 41%, but according to my watch face it's only at 2%
Displays really amazing on my watch, I just wish it had 24H support, as a non American the 12H setting is kind of annoying.
Best watch face I've brought for ages. Would recommend to anyone she has a moto 360. Very nice guys keep up the great work.
Would have like to see the weather integrated.
weather is totally inacurrate same as the battery levels. why?
Is it way you could add the Google fit info to this
Really nice design here, well proportioned and good info, but seriously lacking HD. It looks a little blurry. Weather wouldn't hurt either. Once HD is added, I'll be downloading and keeping as my everyday watch face.
I wanted to like this,  but seems not easy to read. So,  I'm uninstalling
Would be nice to be able to choose own colors. Would even pay for it! Also love the mltion effect.
it hasn't shown up on my watch
Not centered in Moto360
Turned out to be a great visual representation of how much time is left until lunch break, since I start work at 8. So when all 4 segments are filled, it's lunch time! An ability to customize the watchface to a different schedule somehow could make it even more useful.
I like the look and what they say it does. I'll update after I get a chance to use it. 😀
No permissions
Can't find the way to set 24 hour digital time in full face mode. Evening should read 19:00 not 07:00.
Could we please get a small date window (in options so others can turn off if wished) at the 3 o'clock mark?  Love the watch face but really miss the date showing. Then 5 stars! :)
Love the look, the animation, everything. Nice job!
It would be great if it could have weather (rain, sun, lightning, etc.) based on the current weather. Also a 🚢 ship passing by that would show the battery level. Ideas for future development.
Great watch face - I hope there are more like this in the future! Just wish it had the date and could be managed from the Android Wear app instead of making an icon on my phone.
I love this face, but it needs to be managed by the wear app. I don't need to see the icon in the launcher.
Really like this because it's cute, but how do you change the time from 24hr to 12hr on the actual watch face? Until I can figure it out I am going to use a different watch face
Buggy sometimes. But I love the concept. Great idea to switch face everyhour
Ok can't download picture
Even though this may be less flexible than the black face (which I have) these are still the best quality faces for my LG R out there. The quality of the rendering is superb. Worth every penny, thanks.
The watch face looks blurry on my Moto 360.
Some more settings please though dev, like the black version which has many options for customising.
Download and install but can't find app.. Really like the black version got this one bec  I want the same thing just white background.
Needs more settings!
Never shows up on my lg watch r urban
Beautiful Watch face. Please make it customizable
Drained battery
Looks good.
This is a great warchface, its just unfortunate that it doesn't have the same level of customization the black version does. Really hope the dev decides to revisit this watchface because it really is nice!
The black version of his face cones with countless customisation options, this one is static. Shows potential if you plan to add customisation later, though. Will keep it on my radar.
no options for a paid for watch face?? the black version has a ton of options. the blue face 2. install or uninstall. at least give us the same level of options as the black version. sorry. have to request a refund for this one.
Very nice looking watch face. Love the subtle animations when the screen turns on!
i like this watch face but it needs more options! such as how often the cat changes activites.  i wanted it to be hourly not daily :(
Any chance for update to support Zenwatch? Pretty unusable in always on ambient mode
Love this face but update claims change face direction and hands direction, yet there are NO setting to do this. So lose a star.
Adorable. Looks like there's an option for a black background on this watch face but I can't access it.
A bit low res, but otherwise good. Please make a dog version 😄.
It has no issues running
Simply love it !
Cute af!
&lt;3
Why is the number for 3 o'clock upside down? (or is it? doesn't look much like "3" anyway). Also, can you enable the cards to show up while in ambient mode (maybe add a config option for it)?  Thanks for this beautiful watch face!
Don't down load viruse detected!
Cute!
I would like to have or at least have the option to have an analog watch when screen dimmed in always on mode. That would give it 5 stars for me.
I have downloaded this watch face. But it's not installing on LG G watch. I would like to know, what's cause of this issue? Thanks!
Hi. I downloaded this from mini launcher interface. It is installed but it returns to play store instead of activating the face whenever I click from mini launcher app
Great job most are pretty but hard to read this gets the job done.The watch face is simple design.
This watch face after update it stopped working,Asus zenwatch.Uninstalled and installed, doesn't work.Keeps crashing.
Horrible pictures,don't suit to make the watch face.
Love what this developer does and bought this watch face to show support.I would give this app five stars.
Watch face active for 5 hours and the watch is dead.Also all face options don't work.Even with application apps installed.
This watch face never fixed the icon displacement on LG G Watch,which mars the look.
Awesome creativity.Looking forward to more little world's updates to add,such as this watch face.
Great creativity on the art work. Works great on my Moto360 2.
Just as described:A nice clean,minimal,and beautiful watch face.And easy to use.
Download is very easy,good! I like the small pumpkin on the watch face.
It is now my default watch face on my moto360.
Cute pumpkin,the watch face have some issue,dev very quick fixed.thanks!
I like it,  cheers
I like the watch face a lot and found the cute little pumpkin.
Very intersting ,the watch face has the atmosphere of Halloween day.
This watch face is beautiful but the design so simple.
Doesn't work through mini wear launcher
Alie!
Simple,Detailed,Elegant.perfect watch face on my moto360.
Like it

How can I work with it???😞😞
Good

Did not download on my LG
Excellent
Great,  creative watch faces but won't sync anymore with my moto 360. None of them will work. Some (though not all) worked before,  but suddenly,  nothing.  I think the app got an update,  and that's why it's not working...
Really like all the watch faces so far. Great job dev. Color changing goat....yes please
It's great but very limited selection of free watchfaces, I would prefer more themed digital faces like the current winter ones.
Need more faces thou
Not working
Excellent I like simple and original
Keeps crashing
As soon as I tap the icon it force closes.
Great update.  Beautiful work.
This watch face is making my Motorola 360 super laggy and unresponsive
Thank you for the fix, my battery loves it now.
Please a 24h option for the existing faces aswell...
It looks great but it drained my battery like crazy. I'm uninstalling until it gets fixed.
Little different than the others,but I like it.
It has nice, clean , and simple yet elegant watchfaces
The best on the market. The team did a superb job for this new release
Could be improved by supporting 24 hour clock.
Faces look really nice.  Drained my battery to %18 in less than 2 hours.
I really like the watch face, would look great on a Moto 360, but its destroying my battery.
But doesn't work
Wonderful!!
Purchased, but it doesn't show up on my LG Watch Style.
Fixed! Thank you!
Bought this twice, first time after a while, got it reduced as it never showed up. Seconds time, was taking a risk, as I knew it couldn't be refunded, nope, still hasn't shown on my watch, but every free one has. Last time I buy one as it's a waste it seems.  Update: made sure I was on 2.0 as suggested...my fault! Works great! Certainly do that to all who have that problem! Thank y'all!
Purchased, but when trying to install on a Zenwatch 2 on AW 2.0 I am requested to purchase and pay for it again. No idea of what is going on... Refunded.
I love this watch face. I think there is lots of cool things that could be added to it over time. Looking forward to updates.
Looks great, best of the bash watchfaces in my opinion. It's also quite energy efficient.
Awesome! It looked great! Please add an optional blinking cursor at the bottom of the date when the watch is awake/woken to make it look cooler
Ok that worked... Paid twice though... Still quite like it... Only thing I would change is the option to have battery date and time all display at the same time...
Love the simplicity. Would love to have different colors for time,battery...Sublime like
The app work grate I just needs to be customizable on moto 360
Took a little time to install but its great. Really neat looking face. Well done guys.
Would be cool to have the time and date commands match the theme, Get-Time for powershell, etc.
Amazing, retro-looking watchface.
Nostalgic.
Had some trouble installing the watch face, emailed developer who replied within the day. Great nerdy watch face!
Very good throwback to my favorite operating system.  Would love more options down the road to justify the price. Maybe a blinking cursor representing seconds. A custom color option for those that would want it. Other than that, this does what it says. Very simple and reminds me of my younger days.
This is now my favorite watch face. I love the nerdiness of it! Also, notifications don't block any of the face itself, so you can always see DOS in all its glory! Can you make a BASH or otherwise UNIX-related theme for this?
Still waiting but I'm not holding the developer at fault sounds like it's an Android wear problem.    Really wanted to like this but it never showed up on my watch, I have the Asus ZenWatch 2. I've uninstalled/reinstalled, waited several minutes each time, rebooted my phone but still no dos watchface. It does not show up in the Android wear app either. Weird.
Love it! I'm especially impressed by the thoughtfulness in the theme designs and energy saving mode for OLED screens.  Is there any chance of having the option to change font? Edit: dev was really quick to add the option to hide seconds!
Not able to find the watch face on Asus zenwatch 2. Tried re syncing apps and factory reset..
It would be great if the developers make the watchface more smarter. Just adding another customizable "comand" with weather, stocks, or agenda...
the good old times of DOS on the watch. well made! all you need and periodically updated.
(Play Services finally just updated itself on the watch)  Working great!
Nice and simple and looks terrific  Can you make a green text version?
Would be great if you could make it 24hour time.
Nice simple watch app for people who even know what "dos" was.
Pretty slick face
Just perfect.
I loved this faces look on my Sony SW3. One of the few watch faces I actually show off.
Simple and nerdy.  Developer was super fast to respond to feedback.
I set it and haven't changed it since. One request I would like to make, when switching between date and battery percentage, you could also see phone battery percentage. Example... C:\date, press and it will show    W:\battery to indicate watch battery, and press again to show P:\battery which would indicate phone battery.
Was excited to try it out. But it does not show up on my watch. Edit: It's finally working now, somehow the app has synced after many days. It looks good!
Just as the description states. This is the best watch face I have been able to find for my Galaxy Gear Live and more than worth the 99¢ . It's a nice, clean design that definitely reminds me a command prompt. The batter % is actually accurate, which is a first for a watch face in my experience. Keep putting out products of this quality and you'll have a repeat customer out of my.
I'm running Android 7.0, and the watch face doesn't show up on phone as installed.
Works great on the Sony Smartwatch 3! Just make sure your watch is up to date, and it should work without a hitch. Love the look of this watch face! :D
I had this working but had to reset my watch and now it's not showing up in the wear app or watch
I'm a bit of a geek I guess but this is an awesome idea.  Love it!
Had an issue for my use case. Dev fixed it. Love it now
Love it, add the month to the date line please 👍and maybe temp?
Rather expensive
My S6 battery life does not show correctly. It only shows 0%. Also it needs a 12 hour clock option, not just 24hr
Does not display correctly on huawei watch
It needs some work because it says one of the batteries are at 0% and it's hard to tell which battery is the watch and which is the phone
The watchfaces are beautiful and realistic in high resolution smartwatches. I paid in hopes full ambient mode was a paid app option but at least on LG Watch Urbane it is not available. The upset is that because it is an in-app purchase, I can't get a refund. See I use all my watchfaces in full ambient otherwise it beats the purpose for me. I recommend Weareal watchface as a great alternative for that.
Just like you can see in the pictures, it is very nice, and well worth the praise it is getting from pretty much everyone.  I love skeleton watches and have been on the lookout for a watch face that has skeleton features, and actually looks good. This is the first! The option to remove the tourbillon is nice as well (not that I ever would!)  One thing I would like added if possible is a setting which allows adjustment of the outside golden rim. On the Moto360 it kind of looks like there are two rims with this watch face, so a setting which could make it smaller, or even remove it entirely would be an awesome addition.
It says it's for the moto 360 and other watches. I have the LG G watch R and after 24 hours the watch face still never showed up for me. I rebooted both devices but still no luck
For those having issues getting it to show, it didn't populate on my list for almost 10 min after install. Not sure why. Changed my rating to reflect this. Don't uninstall and reinstall. Just give it some time.
Shuts off after 10 seconds and defaults to a ho, hum dull-white something. Come on, charge me 2 bucks and let me choose the timeout settings.
It's unfortunate that this watchface doesn't work on my LG g watch r. It's the only watchface from my library of watchfaces that crashes and doesn't work. I'm Hoping you guys make it g watch compatible.
Works fine on square zenwatch. But for  us square zenwatch users, perhaps add a  blackened border? Or remove the border & run the color to the edge?  Add that into the upgrade and u get ur last star to make 5 ;)
Installed, looked great, then just disappeared from my G-Watch and my and my LG-G3... NOT EVEN AFTER UNINSTALLING AND REINSTALLING.... JUST A GREAT BIG HEAP OF STEAMING GOLDEN POOP! I might have to eat that if the upgrade to my watch to Android 5.0 works though.... Still questionable development to not be backwards compatible with so many Android Wear watches in the world?!
The face is not very good looking on the actual watch. It looks much better in the picture here. And all the other faces that look really nice, cost extra and probably don't look any better upon closer inspection
The pictures on Google Play look much better than the actual watch face, at least on my LG G Watch R. The pictures show much more detail than you will actually get.
I love it, it's a compliment piece. I'm having troubles getting into the settings to try another face color but other than that you can't go wrong with choosing this face. The seconds glide, an added bonus.
Only getting 4 stars because the away screen looks terrible. Had to set the watch to go black
I finally received the 5.0 update and can use this beautiful watch face! I'm so excited to find that the gears actually move. I purchased the additional colors and they're wonderful. I do wish there was a purple. My only difficulty is that I'm so mesmerized by this gorgeous watch face that I forget to check the time. :-D
Only issue is that I can't always change the color because of a billing error. I paid for the app, but it doesn't always recognize that. May just be my phone, though.
This watch face was elegant in both the regular aand dimmerd modes, and I was able to change its colour from the phone. After updating to wear v.5, I am unable to find the phone app despite uninstalling and reinstalling.   Update:  I accessed settings. However, the dimmed mode is the black and white mode like other watch faces,not the elegant dim gold background that was there before the update. Please revert.. Update 2 I'll have to take it down from 5 Stars to 1 until it reverts to the previous dimmed mode
Watch face is very attractive but once selected, it is not the first face that shows up when you wake the watch up. Another face shows up first and then it switches to the one from the app.
This is a stunningly gorgeous watch face on my ZenWatch.  Right up there with the beautiful Rebecca Minkoff watch face.  The (now fixed) dimmed mode could do with a bit more visual appeal, but given the constraints of not wanting to wear out the battery, nicely done so far.
I own a black moto360 upgraded to lollipop and i have been thinking for a while if I should buy it or not,  but its worth it,  your watch completely change,  it looks gorgeous, more expensive and depending on the background it could be prestigious for male ,  delicately for female  or unisexually appealing for both audience. I recommend to add a silver hoop to expand even more the gallery for those who already buy the bundle.   Great job!  Q.  What about golden times instead of beauty?  Would be + appealing
Looks very good On huawei watch. The only issue, looks not that realist (as real watch) comparing with faces provided by huawei. But,  again  looks good!
I love the look of this watch face on my moto 360.  One issue however, is that whenever my watch screen turns on, there is a moment where the default watch face is visible before Golden Beauty loads. I've seen this on some other watch faces (especially those by the same developer), and aren't sure what the issue is, but would appreciate if it were fixed. - Additionally, I'd love for options for:   1). discreet second ticks (rather than smooth movement)   2). display of the numerical day of the month
Good design, lacking the date section. If you could develop diamonds around would make this watch face the best for a very long time. Kudos for now.
A nicely designed watch face. Especially like the turning cogs and ambient screen. Could use some more options to boost it to a five-star rating.
Battery died within hours on my watch and it usually lasts more than a day. As soon as I switched faces my watch was back to normal. Using Samsung Galaxy Note 4
I like the look of the watch faces and gives it a great look.  Only wish it could have chrome silver bezels instead of copper / gold.
Would be awesome with a longer display option and a full ambient mode, a few developers are doing this  and gives the user a choice to show off a bit 😉 5 star rating will apply then 👌
I purchased this face and it worked briefly but stopped. It doesn't  appear on either my phone or my watch. I emailed the developer, but received no response. Very disappointed.
Got this, then disappeared from my phone. Shows up in the app manager but cannot open it nor does it show up in my apps.
I downloaded and paid on Saturday its now Monday and its still not there...im not happy. I mean its only a buck but still...Now with an edit its one month later and it still won't sync or populate on my list. Help or please refund!
As with all your faces, you do not give the user control of how long it is in bright mode. Five seconds is way too short. Let the user decide how long they want the screen to be bright.
Paid for it originally now it wants me to pay for some options. What a rip. Doesn't even work anymore.
This is a truly beautiful watch face and I love showing it off, however, I do wish it has some sort of date indicator. I check the date frequently and it's the primary reason I don't wear this face more often.
Beautiful watch faces but it drains the battery. When checking on the mobile the battery stats it showed 10% right after "watch idle". Switch back to the minimal design until it's fixed
Totally in love with this one. It resembles my real automatic watch..I've got half a dozen compliments already within a day, so good job developer..
Beautiful watch face, but given that you have to buy other colours, there should be a few further options like adding the date at the very least.
Doesn't work on my LG g watch r.     Was working previously - before I purchased full version!!!!.
I hate that it doesn't show on my tecno h5 android
Wonderful watchface. Love the tourbillon, which is the reason I downloaded it in the first place. Wish you could change the border color. Please add this feature in an update, then you get 5 stars.
Watch faces which are actually worth putting are not free.. I understand that is the only way for app makers to earn money.. But doesn't help me either..doez it?
There's no way to change the screen timeout time or what it looks like in ambient mode. This is the first watch face that I've bought that doesn't have those options.  :-(
I have no clue how to activate this on my watch!
Font size for time could be a  size smaller or adjusted??
Nice clean and simple, the weather icon doesn't seem to change though would give it 5 stars if the weather icon updated.
Love this watchface.  A square watchface and the ability to select which elements are displayed in ambient mode would make it prefect
Amazing watch face. Great and very responsive developer. thank you.
Great watchface pack that's free and doesn't suck battery. Totally recommend if you like keeping things simple.
After adding the possibility to show watch hands it went really useful. Now I only wish for a setting to disable the digital time digits in the background, a possibility to set whatever color I want and maybe show sunrise and sunset times 😃
Please give an option for colors in ambient mode! Thanks devs :)

Huawei mate 7 - LG G 4
I love the Zero Escape franchise and a watch face based on it is awesome, but why does it have to be a 24 hour clock? And the it's hard to tell the time because the numbers are so small and blend in with the background a little. I like it a lot but I need a watch face that I can just glance at real quick and see what time it is.
I like the idea but can't find the app in either my apps list or widgets where is it stored.
Meh. Three stars for the idea.
I can't find it
Could be  better, if you could set it
Can't Find???????
No matter how many time I installed and uninstall I can never find it on my phone
I think everyone should have this face! Very easy to use and clear and easy to read!
Brilliant
The design is wonderful, but on my zenwatch 2 something is off with the main time display; it appears that the date is on top of the time instead of side by side with it. If fixed it would definitely be a 5 star. UPDATE: The issue seems to have solved itself,  or was fixed in an update. 5 stars!
Great development, originality
I'm with Andrei: I'd love to see a black/white pattern in standby. This face is utterly cool in active mode, but turns pretty plain in standby. Interactive button is genius.
My only complaint is that you cannot set it to display the weather in Celsius with the new interactive mode.  Seems to be accurate for my location if I do a Fahrenheit to Celsius conversion.  Otherwise this is a five star watch face for sure.
Cool looking and functional watch face. The third interactive screen is not working for me. Do I have to configure the weather settings somewhere? I just get dashes.
How do I change the temperature unit to Celsius? It will be 4 stars after that
Unusable on moto 360 gen 2..scrambled lettering...
Love the design and works pretty well. Just have to make sure I have WiFi to get the weather
Very nice idea. Might me worth it to implement some electronics elements in the "standby" mode.
Would be 5 star if it had 12h time but still an awesome face great job
Like it.  Bit more functionality might be nice, but I'm into minimalism these days.
Great new features.
New feature step in terms right direction
Numbers overlap other numbers. On the time/date and battery screens on SW3 making watchface unusable   Refunded. Please fix and I'll consider repurchase.
My phone or watch would not let me fined or even set this watch face looks good but next time I will never judge it by its cover not good at all fix please and may get it back ☺
Shows the time as 00:13am when it's 12:13pm! All other watch faces I own show correct pm time!
If you give the option to do 12 hour vs 24 hour and gave me the option to use Fahrenheit vs Celsius I would have no problem giving this 5 stars.
Refunded . they did not show like the picture does.
Crappy.
Really love the new faces!
Needs more fonts and planet faces, but pretty good so far.
A nice set of watch faces with lots of options for customization!
It didn't work on my device (Nitro A311). Installation was successful, but no icon was created on homescreen and in app drawer. In playstore also, after installtion, there is only option to uninstall it, option to open it is not available.
Looks cool! Works on my Huawei watch just fine. I can't see how to add the digital time in the middle like the picture though.
No one seems to understand this is for a smartwatch and not your phone. This doesn't work if you don't have a smart watch (obviously) so ignore all the bad reviews
Man it must be difficult for a dev with a low rating for no reason other then people just not reading what the are downloading.
Need to get rid of second circle,  as it gets stuck in ambient mode, so it looks off.
How do I start this? It makes no sense. I can't even open it.
It doesn't work on my Sony Ericsson Z2
I love the look, but I don't need a spiral for seconds. It would probably help improve the batter performance as well.
Here's no icon anywhere for this and not available in phone
Wish it had more features like date.
Reminds me of being on drugs!
Good9
Looks cheap
Yuuyu
Awesome
The Imgur watch face shouldn't need access to my files, location, or any other permissions.  It's just a watch face, but it asks anyway.  And the seconds circle freezes instead of disappearing when entering ambient mode.
To anyone who doesn't know/understand what this is for, it's for android watch, not a homescreen clock widget.
People need to realise that this is for the watch, not an actual phone
Thanks for all the way
Superb mast h
On Asus Zenwatch 2 (square screen), the settings menu is clumped at the top and cannot scroll, so I can't adjust anything. LG Urbane (round screen) does not have this issue, and works as intended...
Like this weather app for wear but some of the information is different on my watch faces to the one's that you see in the play store really hope that Dev team start offering monthly subscriptions of £2 per month instead of the one of payment of£24 a year am sure more people would then purchase premium hope that the Design Team read my review and take up my idea
Issue is fixed now - updating rating!  ~~~~  Used to be my daily watch face for a year, but the latest version no longer works. I don't see the Fit watch face on my watch even though the app on my phone shows it. Tried reinstalling both the phone app and the watch app and neither helped.
Terrible change from vzw to t-mobile and will not load paid a yearly subscription and now it just sits in phone. No response from seller don't buy waste of money.
Well just  install it g0 have not seen it work yet.
This app is only a trial version. You're only allowed 7 faces. The rest (and better ones) cost money.
It's okay app I'd like to watch faces
I really do enjoy this app. Knowing the weather at the turn of a wrist really is convenient, and the radar functionality is absolutely stunning.  What I really, and I mean REALLY dislike is the fact that you CANNOT put wind speed/temperature on the BOTTOM chart type. Why?? There is absolutely no justification for having only certain options available to the top chart type and other ones exclusively for the bottom. You know how nice it would be to both know the temperature and the wind speed? I feel like this was available in the past, or maybe with different watch interfaces offered by the same brand, but PLEASE, just make it so all the top/bottom chart types are interchangeable. That is honestly my only complaint, 5 star application for sure and will be subscribed for years to come.
Super nice design. Would rate 5 stars if the data wasn't sooo off (at the latest refresh for my location says 8 deg, it's actually 1 & highest during the day was 5). If one can choose data source and test it (so far AccuWeather works best for me, but their native app has horrible design), then I'm buying premium instantly.
Used to be fantastic.  I upgraded to AW 2.0 and it is nearly unusable.  The ambient mode will not kick in if the screen dims while anything other than the main watchface is open - the color version will instead stay on the screen with no light.  This drains the battery and risks burn-in on OLED displays.  I only use this app now for the weather complications, but even those frequently crash.  Edit: I am lowering my rating to 2 stars, because there have been many updates that still fail to address this issue.  Would be 1 star, but I use the complication with another watchface.
TIC WATCH E USERS BEWARE!  Incoming notifications take the watch out of ambient display mode. If a notification comes in and is dismissed on the phone the watch is left in active display mode until the user taps the screen. Very very dangerous to AMOLED panels. BURN IN highly possible. Have contacted the developer. Sent him videos upon his request demonstrating the issue via Facebook Messenger. No response yet. It's been a few days. No acknowledgement. Still waiting.
Please return the phone battery % to the watch. Also bring the setting back to the phone. It's a pain to scroll through a watch face for this. What where you thinking putting all the setting through the watch?
Nice watchface and would be 5 stars if premium was a set price and not subscription.
Will NOT work on Samsung Gear2 Neo. Only found out AFTER installing and paying for the Pro version! Would like a refund.  Thnx
I am already subscribe the app unfortunatelly can't install on Samsung S3 Smart Watch,please assist and how to canceled my subscription if can't install in my S3
Another release with issues. Stopped using as settings no longer apply permanently. Will go back to this when a fix is rolled out. UPDATE. Today's release has addressed the issues. Best watch face ever is back!
From 5 stars to 0 (they really need 0 stars) because I cannot even get to watch face up since recent updates.
Doesn't work.  Can't select watch face.
Not working
Very nice
This is great
I liked it better than all my other watch faces up until the latest update. Now it only shows my phone's battery level, instead of phone and watch. Also, the premium subscription is kind of BS. If it were a one-time thing, I might spring for it, but I'm not spending a dollar a month just to have a few options unlocked.
App used to be great but I can no longer open the radar screen. Settings no working since reinstalling on Wear 2. Shame as it was one of my favourite apps.
Really great app. Although plagued with issues after an update, they were all resolved and it works great. Wish widgets would better use wider screens (5 icons across).
Stopped working with Huawei watch. Got a new phone today so might try it again and update this.
Getting the premium features to work is an incredibly frustrating experience.
Great tool
imperative for me
Android Wear 2 update is not working or major functionality removed from non-premium app.  Settings not recognized. Radar no longer shows in ambient screen. Phone battery status no longer displayed with watch battery status.  Google Fit status displays even though set to off. Will delete from watch and keep phone app for widgets.
Used to be an excellent and useful app both for the phone (widgets) and Androidwear. I would give it 5 stars if the update on the Androidwear were fixed and restored to the usefulness it had. I have lost the ability to see the radar on my watch and to see useful faces I had like IW Fit which I used daily. If these features are restored I will rate it 5 stars once again.
1/25/18 Raising my rating to 4 stars. Only issue is missing phone battery indicator.
Great selection of watch faces with a lot of info on the screen at once. Like the fact that always on display is very similar to active watch face for LCD type faces. Helped with battery life too.
Running 7.1.1 on phone. Latest wear patches on phone and watch.  Watch data will not update.  1.5 days after returning from Calgary, still looking at Calgary data. Bought premium subscription.  Still no luck
Good to see the watch app has had a roll back and the features i like have been reinstated. Just missing the phone battery display, which i can live with if will not be added back.
This app is really helpful especially when your phone is in your pocket or somewhere else you can just look at your smartwatch and see the full weather radar temp weekly forecast whatever. It has all kinds of options and you can set your phone up to have as many widgets to show everything from this app as well. I have the radar temp and forecast on my smartwatch and have the same on my phone with the addition of the precipitation. It's a good app to have so you know how the weather is gonna be and I'm no damn bot either I'm real and this app is real. If you look over the little hiccups it may have it will do you some good. Iv had no problems with it myself but people complain about some things. Idk whats wrong with there apps but all you have to do is keep it updated and set it up to sync and it's all good.
I can't get anything to work. The watch face just displays "please wait" using the tic watch 2.   The app looked like it had a lot of promise and cool features.   There are also too many reviews saying the developer broke the app with the latest update... so not impressed with that either.
Spent a long time searching to find this app.  Paid for premium last May. At Christmas time, the app was SEVERELY downgraded.  The features I got it for were removed and it doesn't recognize that the premium payment was made and not due until May.  Uninstalling!
Became my favorite watch face again. Have my screen to match the weather outside and watch battery life on top. Still needs my phone battery life next to it for 5 stars.
Was good until they removed my favourite watch face, the IWSport face was the only one I subscribed for. And now it's gone.
I like it very much, but the options are way too complicated. There should be just one watchface and clear options for all kind of stuff to add or remove and especially to add battery level circle and larger digital time letters. Some of the options are not even visible on the screen because it's cut-off.
"Once you go black, you never go back" holds true for this watch face. While playing with settings and customizations, I set the clock numbers to black. Now when I set it to anything else, it reverts back to black.
Been using this app for more than 3 years and it's never failed to work ! It's a app I do use, week in week out ..
Great app! It performs well and no battery drain. Excellent graphics. A+
Nice new icon!
Bad navigation and lack of rise/set times. Can't step reliably 24h back and forth i single day view. No rise/set times from month view even with a tablet, removed? Otherwise ok I guess, with a nice widget, useless for me compared to a simple a table.
After using the app for 6 years, it's  still great for photographers.  A one stop place for both moon and sun phase tracking, especially for long-term trip planning.
An absolutely beautiful app that I've owned for many years and still love.
Been using since 2014 and like using as my wall paper. I love and have waiting for the current update with the blue, black moon's and solar eclipse.
Simple yet beautiful wallpaper. Does what it says.
Had an issue but developer got in touch straight away so back to 5 stars!
Super update! Thanks, dev!! 👍 I am really loving the update. ~ Very informative!
Best app in market
Works great on my Galaxy Nexus and now on my S5. Love that I can set alarms for the next phase. ...BUT... It would be nice to define a time range for a silent alarm. I really didn't need to know the moon would be full at 3:45am. Setting a quiet time between hours I set (such as 11pm to 8am) would really be great!
If you're interested in the nightly Moon phases, want to plan a nights lunar photography session or would like a wonderful Android Wear watch face, this app is for you.   Developer is also very responsive and keeps the app up to date. Well worth the price.  Couldn't be happier with the app.
Two things to point out: 1. The shine of the moon is too low, does not correspond with the reality. Would be great if we could adjust it. (just look up the sky at night and compare) 2. I would love to be able to position the moon on my screen (lower / higher / left / right), I don't like round things centered in LWPs. Edit: is it necessary to access the location so often? I'm using Fine mode and it keeps flashing the gps access all the time...
Nice to be able to get an image of the current moon, POW just like that. Also the whole month at a glance is nice. It would be nice to have length of day. Yes I know I could calculate it but that would be so hard to rack my brain. Wah. Anyway I has it on tablet and phone.
The app is unreal.  Looks amazing on the Google Pixel, I have it as my wallpaper and lock screen.  I love how the moon turns as you slide screens.  Beautiful.  Only thing I would want the option for is to be able to change which part of the moon to have on the first screen.  I'm in the southern hemisphere and being that the phase moves from left to right down here, my second screen to the right is often the more accurate depiction of the moon phase.  So in order to have the correct phase of the moon on my lock screen, I need to make sure I swipe to the second screen before I lock.  Otherwise, perfect app.  Thank you
I've been using Moon Phase Pro for quite a while to get all my essential moon facts after checking out a number of similar apps and concluding that this one was so much better that it was worth paying for the Pro version.  The latest release broke the app for me, but after I actually got in touch with the developer, all is well again. Thanks for the great app and support.
Love it.. Wallpaper is great... But is there anyway you could add the current weather to the wear watch face?   (I'm asking for those of us who will never get android wear 2.0)
Its actually really awesome, its fun just to play with the phase cycle by swiping even. Just surreal in a way, wish it was a background too. *Awesome! Didn't even notice, thanks a lot.
I love the way the moon display realistically tilts on it's axis, leaning the same way it would in real life, bright, lit, portion *leaning* forwards or backwards towards the below-horizon Sun.
Sorry I wasted my money on this. I wanted the widget and it doesn't work
I love this app! Really cool live background too. Any time I upgrade or need to replace my phone, which is more often than I'd like to admit, this is the first app that I make sure to install.
Is there anyway to make the moon smaller on the home screen when I use it as a live wallpaper?  Will give 5 stars if so.  Apart from that everything else is spot on.
It's wonderful exactly what I been looking for, and no issues I've found. Not yet in my usage anyways. Definitely recommended. 100% go for this one if u r really into Moon everything.
I've had this as a free app on my Kindle and love the info you get with it, brilliant app well worth the small amount I had to pay to get it on my phone, less than £1.00.
I've always been interested in the Moon; Far more then the sun, this app let's me watch it via the App and the Live Wallpaper! I would buy this app for more that what it is listed! Kudos Dev!
A Garou tends to need to know the phases of Mother Moon at all times in order to survive
This is my favorite Moon Phase app. I bought the app on the Amazon App store. When I gave up on Amazon, I re-purchased it thru Google Play. This app is well worth the money...
Somehow I feel a zoom function is in order to be able to compare more of the high res details with what I'm seeing in telescope. Rather than showing raise/set time I'd like like to have info on when I can observe, maybe above 30deg in my area between x and y
I'm not huge into astronomy or even astrology for that matter, but it's clear to me that keeping in touch with the phases of our most influential satellite is important, also fun to think about. Moon Phase will even notify users about upcoming meteor showers, supermoons, as well as the full, quarter, half, and new moon cycles. A live wallpaper of current phase is offered, as well as a resizeable widget. I enjoy keeping one next to my [other] clock on my home screen. I am grateful to know moonrise times too!
This had been my wallpaper for years. Always awesome.
Wotth the money. And I dont like to spend money
I figured out the recipe for events long ago. Compare certain mass events to the lunar cycle. Aurora, Sandy Hook, Charleston and Chattanooga. See anything familiar? Guess what tomorrow, 8-15-15 is?
I absolutely love how easy this app is to use. I also love the high quality of the graphics and smoothness of the app running. Well worth the price.
Favorite feature is the live wallpaper!  Would love to see the option of replacing the Moon with other objects such as planets or maybe even the Death Star. ;-P
Are you going to update to the S6, we just got the new phone and the app will not go from the S4 to the S6.
Used to like it, now it is not compatible with my new Note 5.
Aside from a pretty picture of the moon.  There are plenty of other free apps that offer a lot more.  Don't waste your money.
I dont like that it doesn't have the option to display the moon phase when using it as a wallpaper.  😕
Any chance of adding custom notifications? For example, when moon is setting within an hour of when the Sun is rising; Or when the moon is setting two hours after sunset, etc
Seems like developer(s) don't care. No reply, no updates. Still waiting for battery, date and weather options instead of logo and also custom colors for the background. Disappointed. Meanwhile there are better and free watchfaces like this available. Don't waste your money on this one!
Changing stuff from the phone to the watch is blazing fast and stupid simple, not to mention the design of the watch face is just plain beautiful.   In the future I would like to see a little more functionality but this watch face is a must buy.
I've been contemplating the purchase of this watch face for some time and finally pulled the trigger. My initial thoughts are these: 1) it initially takes a little more than a glance to tell the time - when compared to traditional analog watches; 2) there should be the ability to copy colours from hour to minute or vice versa when theming them (for uniformity or continuity for those, like myself, who care); 3) I wish the hour/minute "hands" were the themed colour in ambient mode because the switch is noticeably distracting when it happens; and 4) like everyone else, I'd love the date and time in the middle to be a customization option. Outside of those things, this is an excellent and wonderfully unique watch face.
There are two major issues with VAtch on the G Watch R. 1) The anti-burn in moves the watch face around slightly. This causes the outer minute ring to appear thicker at some points than others. 2) There is already a minute ring on the G Watch R so it would make a lot more sense for the minute arrow to point at the minute ring on the watch instead of a second one on the interior.  I love the concept of this watch face but I just can't just it as my primary watch face because of those two  issues.
A very attractive watch face,kudos to the dev! However,the numbers are too small and kinda hard to read. Would love to have current numbers highlighted or more distinct.
Very nice looking. The only thing I would change is the outer circle showing minutes in the ambient mode. I would like it rather black despite I would loose minutes info.
Only things preventing 5 stars are customizable functions for the centre, for battery life or date. Seconds running around the minute dial would be a nice extra.
IT'S BEEN THREE  MONTHS NOW! Think the developer has just migrated to botswana. not full screen on the huawei watch. Only a small circle in the centre of the screen is showing. Please fix this!
Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I wish I could make the center say the date/weather/etc with the new interactive faces
I'm using this with the Motorola 360 . Very clean face, well designed. It would be great if you can add the weather or other functions to the center of the watch face.
It would be nice to pit the date in the center and get rid of the logo. Also customizable backgrounds with photos and colors. Looks great on my Moto 360.
Like the design so far. Need battery and date information, or at least make it an option
Looks great..would be even better if you could add date or watch battery info!
Would love the option for the date and for options to change the color of each set of numbers other than that great watch face
I also love the idea of what someone else mentioned and having the option to have the date where the logo is.
But I want to be able to color the dial arrows. Because I want a solid black on my g watch r
I love it, but when  I change to dark theme after determine colors in light theme. the colors should be inverted.
No recent update to improve face...
Nice very nice, like how you can change the colours of everything
Only if can add batt indicator and date would be perfect
Needs an option for a date window? Where the logo is?
The date option would be much appreciated.
Looks great on my watch. Never been buggy.
Awesome but hands don't she on black background
Looks fantastic on my G Watch R
Brilliant!
Best best ever
Interesting design.
Looks awesome
Cool face
Very nice
Nice.

Would prefer to hide VA mark though.
Looks great on my Moto 360.
Clean and simple, I like it.
The hands could be a little bolder.  I have trouble seeing the time. (Odd thing is, the second hand is more visible than the hour or minute hand)
On a watch with an AMOLED screen like the Asus Zenwatch, the hands disappear into a confusing mess in dim mode. That makes it pretty much useless. Unfortunate.
Can hardly read the time in ambient mode with everything white & the hands being so thin.
Great design and idea but sadly off centre with bottom half missing on my moto 360, but hey, it was free so can't knock it.
Love the face but shows wrong time?
LG G watch.  Works fine but the hands are so thin it is very hard to tell the time, cannot see the hour hand at all on the black and white image.
Looks good on the LG G watch. Please make hand larger to see better, thanks.
It is what it is.
A little early for Halloween but this is gorgeous on my lg urbane
Not the pretties watch face
Just wish date and day was on it
Good face, but there is no date, the date is missing
Great
Finally an active pedometer on the watch face that integrates with Google Fit. It makes my lg g watch feel more like a fitbit which I like. It's still a little buggy but I'm sure that'll go away in the future. A good .99 cent purchase.
I find it a bit weird how I cannot select google fit as what represents the goal and number if I have a watch that can track steps. Also,  when charging the moto 360 with this watch face it will flash on and off even with theater mode active. Some major bugs.
Steps will reset if you change face and change back. Goal is independent from user-set Fit goal. Goal is capped at 9000 steps, which is pretty low  LG G watch + Moto X gen 1   Update: Goal is now capped much higher at 20k, and steps no longer reset on watch face reset. Thanks for the updates! This morning, my steps weren't reset from the day before, but not sure yet if that has been fixed in today's update. Goal and step count still seem to be independent from Fit numbers (when I got the new version, my step count reset). Update 2: The steps seem to reset randomly at no meaningful interval. I would expect them to reset at midnight. Basically the information displayed doesn't mean a thing because it's not constrained in a way that's obvious to me as a user.
What l wanted was a standalone pedometer for my Sony S3. What I got was a pedometer that was something less than the Google fit. At least with the Google fit it kept counting my steps after l reached my set goal. This set the counter back as soon as l reached my 10,000 steps. I want to know my total for the day with a reset at midnight. Guess I will have to keep searching.  Sorry for the low rating guys /gals. It just didn't cut the mustard.
Loved the idea of not having to wear my fitbit anymore. Well it was great first day. But it resets itself at any given time. I don't have an Accurate account of my steps. Booo.  I want my money back.
What I was looking for, but would like to be able to change where the time and steps go. Also get "init UI error" on Moto 360 2
I would like it to show the google fit steps that my watch has counted (no point google fit counting steps and the app also counting steps).  How to do this?  Nexus 7 (2013) LG Watch  - contacted for refund. No reply.  Please update for latest Google Fit API to allow Google Fit step count on watch face. I will revise my review then as this would be the best watch face ever for fitness!
It seems to only count steps when it is the current watch face.  For example, I have several watch faces, including Google Fit that are showing about 1200 steps after being up for a couple of hours and this one is still showing zero.   It is a shame because I really like the look of the watch face, however it needs to count in the background or better yet, pull the step numbers from Google Fit.  Would probably be 5 stars otherwise.
I ran for a mile, now came back home and connected to phone, but google fit on phone is not updated, why?
Almost 3 years without a update. Please fix all the force closes, and add option to sync with Google fit.
Good for walking and running
I am 100% happy with my watch face purchase.  Works well on Fossil Android watches as well.  Beautifully colored!
Looks great on my LG R!
Very bad not work
Only we'll make it look like a 2 year old did it
Looks so cool!
Currently my favorite watch face. A little light on the functionality maybe but  animated visual design is very Ghost in the Shell.
Excellent
Only wish is more interactive widgets. Touching date would open calendar or clock face would opn the alram setting. Awesone looking face.
The developer is dedicated and works to keep his watch faces up to date. Like very much the design of his work and features of the watch face.
Looks the nuts!
Looks great on Huawei Watch!
Very nice
Battery consuming
It's futuristic, but not cheesy. This watch face is done well. It provides you with good options for the widgets. The ability to change the font would be nice. Quick tip for future installers: editing the face can be done through the Android Wear app. This isn't a standalone app. After some use I noticed that the command responsiveness may cause it to crash/seriously lag: "ok Google" & other voice recognition.
So far I like it. The animations are cool, yet minimal, which should (in theory) help preserve battery. The only thing I dislike is the font (especially the 7s that look like backwards Fs) Any chance for a font choice?
I am always looking for futuristic looking watch faces. I found several from this developer! They include simple setup (which is always a plus for a watch face) but many options within it. Easy on the watch battery too! Could not ask for more! The developer responds very quickly to inquiries as well, and is very helpful with troubleshooting.
It looks jagged on my LG G Watch R.  Disappointed because it came close to what I wanted: full information all the time.  Also,  it is a shame that there is no step counter and no barometric pressure indicator.  Also,  no HR monitor or at least a shortcut to the one already included in Android wear.  I will update my rating if graphics will be fixed.
Futuristic and has lots of info widgets. Even has full color ambient mode. Looks great on LG Urbane.
The watchface is really nice and the animations are super smooth!
Nice watchface with the best battery I've seen on a watchface so far. Even with heart rate monitor and weather updates I can easily make it through an 18 hours day (Moto 360 5.1.1). Would like to have an option to make the clock and widgets a little bigger than they are on the large settings. Also turning off the widget background when widget is turned off.
Really like the look but not being able to change the color of the watch battery indicator is a shame
this is a nice watchface but..it looks jagged on my G watch R... please fix this issue....many thanks i will update the rating afterward
Great. Works very well good in sunlight and a better battery consumer than others in its class.
Battery life is awesome
Please add a brightness control for ambient mode. My watch is at the lowest brightness and in ambient mode the watch is waaay too bright. Please add this option and I will boost to 5 stars in a heartbeat!
Keep up the great work.  I was wondering if you could add the fuel gage style battery level for mobile opposite of watch battery? That way it would free up the three small gages for other stuff.
This is truly a great watch face! The only thing that should be changed is the watch battery is always orange instead of changing with the primary or secondary colors. So far this watch face has been great on battery as well!
Very nice watch face. Lots of customizable options. My only recommendations would be to be to adjust the time more (font, no seconds, more sizes) and name labels on colors. Thanks!
Developer added 2 requested features within 24 hours! Amazing watch face and customer service!
Dis app now works pretty well on my moto with good customization. U deserve 5 stars for a good job.
Have it expand to fill the screen rather than squeeze it into the square one and I might be interested.
Installs but not to be found on desktop nor where all the apps are when you wanna bring them up to the desktop. It is in settings/apps but all you can do is uninstall it. Tried twice with same results. Go figger.
Just perfect, it's so coo. There is only one thing, you should add an option to disable animations, both of them of just one (only touch or only the other).
Nicely designed faces, only thing for those of us who notice the PM indicator, the leading "0" in the time in 12hr mode is not needed
Not much info but looks nice and works.
Please fix! Year did not change to 2016...still shows 2015.
I love the face!I would like a red version of the last one!(The vortex thingy)
Please add more customization options on this watch face, such like colors and wedgits.
Watch faces would not change
Very quick fix. Perfect watch face for me!
Wonderful watch face! Hope add interactive feature
Steps would be great , then 5 Stars ☺
So cool, so easy to read
Star Trek
Awesome
A recent update fixed the animations for my first gen moto 360. It is worth a dollar.
It's the most futuristic watch face I have ever seen!
Purchased it and and didn't have the option for a refund
This app is using 9 percent of my watch battery, with ambient mode off and tilt-to-wake off. This is not okay for a watch face.
Gorgeous watch face. Beautiful on the LG G Watch.
Fabulous developer support, had an animation glitch on Sony SW3, that was very quickly fixed!    Definitely a premium sci-fi themed watch face!
I like the concept but there is no animation or battery status for me on the moto 360 - bugs or by design?
its not free ! its force u to purchase pro version once u install it. wasted my time and 4 mb data
Watch is useless
Only tells me to purchase pro version
Stupid cant do anything, ask to pay only.
It is just a trick to make you upgrade
Frequently hangs 😞
ask to upgrade to pro version
Asking to upgrade to pro.

It beautified my android face & at the same time giving me accurate time & date.
Installed this on 3 devices the wallpaper only works on 1 of the three!
Its not new that kind of apps avilable

Bekar app      sab Sa bekar
To me men
THAT CLOCK NICE PLEASE TRYING ALL THANKS


good+%
It's light
Best clock out there
Dr.gen.practiner.c.b.
very god.ok
Yogesh
I love fulcolor applications !!
Ware good
Massive
100 %
Good + %
Very nice app
I really appreciate it
LOVE it if
good app
Its good
Ok
Good
Good
beutifull
Good
Lovely & convenient application.Thank u developers of this &best of luck in alluring endeavours
Best I've found so far. Definitely worth a dollar. Great job dev!
The timezone ring needs to be LEGIBLE! FIX IT AND LOTS OF REVIEWS WILL BE 5* It's not legible in the pics. Grey and black! SHOULD BE BLACK AND WHITE AND BIGGER.
I really like this watch face. But one drawback I've found is: Although I can add cities to the dial, I can't seem to remove them - including the cities I've just added. If the developer could fix this I'd be happy to add another star to my rating
Wear 2.0 not supported!  This is good looking and provides me with the required world time functionality. More customization would be appreciated: enlarge earth face, place a day and month in addition to date etc. Thank you!
From the NYC time zone Japan will be unreadable because of the flat spot on the Moto 360. On a 42mm dial the font is just too small to read comfortably.  I'd prefer some multifunctional use to the "globe" such as local weather or detailed battery info. The existing battery life dial just looks awkwardly placed even though I know it is similar to an actual watch.  But given the price and the value I don't regret buying it.
This watch face is simply beautiful. The 2 things I wish the dev would add:1)The ability to slightly change the font size or separately change the color/brightness intensity of the  city names and reference 24 hour ring fonts. 3) The ability to change the " worldtimer" logo wprding to whatever customized wording the user wishes (for example- Name, company name, etc). Add these and this watch face would be perfect.
I would rate 5 stars if you can highlight/Slightly enlarge the selected city hour. Hard to read..
2 things it needs...sweeping second hand & ability to change dark face to a white/black combination. It would be a 5! Please add them.
Nice watch face, unusual yet classy and useful if you work with overseas clients or staff. Would be perfect if it had the configuration options from other Zuhanden faces, namely brightness and colour settings for ambient mode... Important on AMOLED faces like the Huawei.
I travel a lot for work and needed a way to easily view the time from multiple timezones. This watchface is perfect for my needs. Other watchfaces only allow for one, maybe two, timezones. This one allows for several as they are shown in relation to your reference city.
New ambient option is great. Still need to change the second hand to smooth motion. Looks too much like $2 Casio with the ticking
I downloaded this app from the play store and it will not open. It doesn't show in my apps list. When I say open from play store it comes up without the option. It has a refund button only. I don't know what to do.
It would have earned a fifth star except that the 24 hour ring is too dim. There are times when I have close family members in several cities in different parts of the world. It would be useful to be able to increase the brightness of the ring.
I love this face expecially that I can se world time without the need to push on something.
Doesn't work on my Gear S3, at least I don't know how to install it and instructions are not helpful.
Nice overall world timer.  Needs a way to select screen duration.
Low bit ambient mode does not look good
Like this a lot. Would do 5 stars if there were more than one interactive tap area. I would like about 4.
No brightness setting for dim mode :(
This design looked perfect on my LG G watch R!
Needs to have a bigger world time ring that is more clear
This watch face is one of my favorites. Works very well on Sony SmartWatch 3.
If the watch face could add weather into it, then it will become a perfect one!
Everything on the watch face is too small. Not enough funtionality is editable in settings.
Love this watch. I would love to edit the cities on the watch face but still give it a 5☆
I downloaded but it is not updating the watch with this face
My favourite disign ! Ask me  - what's time in Australia now 😁😁😁 huge thanks for the creators of this app !!! 👍😁
Does not support ZTE Z10
Doesn't have IST time zone..
Cool looking too.
Have no issues so far
I like it
Doesn't show up to select it
Waste of money
awesome
No India cities...?....
Nice face
I am a frequent world traveler and I have always used expensive world time watches to keep up with the local and destination times. I have an idea for this developer and I hope they read this. Please incorporate a digital window that includes  the name of the city, the time and the date including the day and an option to toggle between analog and digital.
I was skeptical to download due to negative reviews. I bought the app anyways as this is the only world timer app available. Works great. I am happy. Moto 360 and nexus 5.
Doesn't show on watch. Bought, didn't work. Resynced all apps, didn't work. Only way to re install is to refund and buy again, still didn't work and now I can't even refund. Moto 360 5.1.1
Would like to see if calendar of the day can be added to the hour ring with a color line or some sort of marker. This would be very useful to have in addition to the time zone of the world.
Looks great :) good to see things fixed and working again! Im extremely satisfied with the dev talking to me and communicating with its users! Problems im experiencing right now: opening calender (left) crashes the face. And the weather (right) resets the location and will not hold a set location! Again, happy the dev is constantly looking to better the face and im sure it will be fixed soon!
Great application. Love it. Nice touch with the German language.  You might think of improving the colors and fonts settings, because they currently are very counter-intuitive.  Also, there appears to be a bug setting the "enable ambient color". It does not automatically update the ambient color for letters after the color for letters in active mode was changed.
Amazing app best thing I could have ever asked for! Sadly the calendar on the left caused the face to crash, then pressing it a second time causes the face to completely reset the weather and switch to the factor face. I am using a Asus ZenWatch 3. Please fix! Thank you :)
Hi, great watch face! Your new update keeps crashing on my Moto 360 though. Anyway of going back to the previous version? I preferred the layout and time display also. Thanks.
Bravo!!! But it has a problem, at least on Sony sw3. Everytime I go to its settings the weather location is changing back to Bucharest. For those with the calendar problem, you have an app that is drawing over the apps (wear mini launcher for example). Disable it set the permissions for the watch face and then reinstall / enable the other app. This is a bug I think from the OS. It happens on other apps as well.
Doesn't ask to get calendar permission, just crashes when you left tap. Changing weather location is also not working.
Settings keep getting reset every time i open the app. And big numbers in german get too close to the border. Also I don't like the new update. It just show 50 in stead 10 to X.  I like it before the update.
I love this watch face, but the weather doesn't seem to want to accept my location and the email address in the about screen came back failed to deliver. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Once weather works, 5 stars.
It works now because my watch updated but the calendar function causes a crash and I can't seem to change the location for weather
great looking but buggy, sent a message to dev and he never replied.  Settings keep resetting, force quits when tapping on calendar.
Since update not working or showing up on my moto360 or Motorola fone please advise have sent u an email today....
It looks good, it's simple, and it tells me the time. That more do ya need? 😄
Constantly crashes on my watch urbane....too bad really looks cool after several reinstalls I give up....just too buggy weather and calender don't work just crashes the whole thing...too bad it looks cool ...very cool
I would give this watch face a five except that the settings still do not stay set on my Huawei. Once this is fixed it will be pretty perfect.
This watch face continues to improve with each release! Props to the developer who actually listens to the user base and adds features that are wanted!
Huawei issues have been fixed. Watch face is great now and works perfectly now. Thanks for updating it.
The new look and features rock. Thanks.
Just upgraded to the S6 Edge Plus and this app no longer works. This blows because I absolutely love this clock. Maybe soon it'll be fixed or it should be noted that it wont work on certain phones. Until then, only one star from me.
Love the watch face, but discovered a small bug that happens at 8 (AM / PM). Whenever the time is "something" past eight, and there's a notification card, the time will say seven instead of eight. Pulling the notification card down to reveal the whole watch face would get the seven to change to eight.
i want to give 5 stars, but it's a special class of application that gets 5. i think what might have pushed it further into that territory would be more options (fonts, date arrangements, etc). great work tho. worth the dollar paid.
Would give 5 stars if it centred on the Huawei watch please fix.. will probably unistall if not
Love it, but can't get the animated battery level to display on Moto 360.
Neat new features after updating to V 2.0
This was what I've been looking for. Love the text withing the body of text. Had to get used to double checking the dots, but you get it pretty quickly. One thing I'd like to see would be 24 hour time, but even with great work! (Update: per developer reply it makes sense on why there isn't a 24 hour option [too many words to display]. Still a great watch face)
Looks great! I would love to see some options to display phone battery details and a few other things. But it's great as is. The simplicity of this gives it a sophistication that's missing from many watch faces. Looks great on my Zenwatch.
I like this even better!
I hope i can have a refund. Its good but boring. Cant do anything or change text.
Doesn't work on the Gear S.
Simple and yet eye catching. Lots of compliments already.
Great work
Love the watchface
Just awesome!
There could be lots of watch faces in the play store, but none of them class of this, it's been my favorite since installing it. To make more readable one should have darkened the background little bit, otherwise the watch face is just fantastic.
Worth for the money, this watch face looks fantastic with my round smartwatch. "Time In Words Watch Face" is one of the best watch faces in the Android market. I would really love to recommend this app.
The watch is great designed and real battery saver. This is what I expected android wear to deliver. I really appreciate the Dev.
Next update can the time really show the correct time?
Simple. Elegant in a way. Perfect.
While I would like to have the option to get rid of it everywhere it appears this option is buggy for the ambient screen. Select another watch face and 'it is' is back until you set the color again.
I stumbled upon the Qlocktwo watch online, and it looked awesome, which it should for $900. After looking for a knockoff replica of the original watch, I came up empty handed. Then I purchased the Moto 360, and came across this watch face. I now have the look of the $900 watch for only a buck! Very nice!
The look is very polished and we'll done. many other watch faces on here look good in the pictures but terrible on the watch. Glad to see some developers not only putting real effort into the watch faces but also responding to comments. Well worth the money
Enjoying this app, it's different!
Nice bold style, but ambient display makes hands look too hollow, decreasing their visibility.
My favourite watch faces hope need a big size of digital clock and put it on top

Need better low bit ambient mode on Zenwatch 2


Keep making watchfaces.

Kooub

Ok
Bollywood

Ok
Simple & great 😍
Good
Very Good
Very nice
Nice
Love it
Nice clean design. Updated my rating from 2 to 4 stars, the developer was very quick to respond and fix a scaling issue for the Moto 360.


This is a great looking face and I love the customization options. The only problem is that ambient mode can look bad especially on a square face because it is naturally unbalanced. Adding different outline options or different ways of abstracting the main watch face on ambient mode would be great. For instance you could flip the first bar so that it shows the two faces in the middle of the watch face to keep it balanced.
Nice minimalist face. I have two complaints. It doesn't show the date and day. Secondly, while charging, it seems to toggle between the night watch and the levels watchface.
This is a very nice Watch Face. I tried with my Moto 360 and was impressed with colors and the animations.   Only thing I miss maybe is a level for battery life, that will be a great addition.
U should be able to save different custum watch faces that u make so u don't have to take a long time to make them constantly.
I love the look of the watch face but it needs to have the date somewhere even if it's just the top of the screen
This face looks nice and works well.
Lg g watch, wish it had date
Stylistic and customizable.
Amazing looking
Great face
Works perfectly on my Sony SmartWatch 3 !! Looks and feels smooth !!! Defo would recommend, to any smart watch user

Ambient mode is pretty boring, in addition to the fact that it's hard to read the time when the minutes are very low (I.e 8:03 4:05 etc.)
Very, very nice!
I like to look
I dedicate these to my lil friend Kathelinn. I pray for all those who have it that they will get better and hope for a cure.
I like the look of the watchface but the Star background skips and the clock is too small (for me). Urbane 2nd Edition. Update: using new smartwatch (Fossil Q Explorist) no skipping however, digital clock not as big as in pictures but this is a very nice watchface.
New Update really makes this watch face shine.
Great start :)
Where 12 hours format?
Great retro digital look, works mint with my Sony watch
When friends are curious about your Android watch, switch the face to one of these. They've always moved in for a closer look.
Go Mr. President!
Nice design, works perfectly. LOVE IT!!!!
Temperature readings are messed up.  I see many complaining of this issue. When will it be fixed.  Not even sure how an app can be released that is this broken!
Terrible temp shows like 282 on celcius and 584 on F....terrible for a paid face
You need to install on play store on watch for Android wear 2.0, not just on play store on phone.  Temperatures in forecast are broken, please fix!!!!
This app is excellent. Everything works perfectly on my lg urbane with android wear 2. Keep up the good work.
Still one of the favorite wtachfaces to use on square display.
The watchface itself looks great, but as others already stated the temperatures in the forcast are wrong (in my case at the moment between 299 and 303) - wich also causes graphical glitches because the values are to wide for the frame - while the actual temperature seems to work fine (27.2 degree celcius).
Doesn't show as a watch face in Android Wear 2 after installation. LG G Watch R.
Dev responds quickly.
Looks 100% better. well worth the money. Running via Samsung Gear Live + LG G3 ~ absolutely the best! thx
Fix the forecast feed, it constantly says my future temperatures are over 500 degrees. Can I get an answer please?
Just bought it and It won't show up on my watch...even after 5 min.
Doesn't work on gear 2 watch, never showed up. I emailed them and it's been about 3 days with no response.
This is now my main face on my Zenwatch 2 !
Looks good so far
This is what I've been waiting for.  I like how I can set the always on brightness so precisely.
Great watch face
Only showed time. No other days at all. Luckily it didn't cost much.
Weather no longer works. Weather works again in new update. Thank you for your prompt support.
Works great, thank you.
Has all the information I want, except it is a bit of a battery hog (can we have an option of shorter times to go to ambient than 10 seconds?), and it is stuck on moon phase full. Watch is Moto360. *EDIT* - update has fixed moon phase. Upgrading rating.
Very informative and beautiful watchface. Week numbering now supports US and ISO, so it works in Europe too.
This watch has some great features and looks nice but unfortunately (on my set up) it looses the weather data regularly and just displays blank. O't also crashes leaving watch displaying default face. Sony Xperia-Z_Sony Smartwatch 3
This is the watch face that suits me best and will be my main watch face I'll use on my ASUS Zenwatch 2.  However I can't give it (or any available face) a 5 (loved it), as, in this case, the sunrise/set times seem to be in something like a 5 point font, even on the larger-size version of the Zenwatch 2. If the circle devoted to sunrise/set on this watch, and other faces designed by the same group, were made into a square and the graphic semicircle and redundant "until" time to the next event were removed, there'd be room to use a larger font for the sunrise/set times, and even include moonrise/set times in that larger font. Then I could love it.----------------- Revised view: The recently updated Soluna face has replaced F04 as my main choice. Its sunrise/set times are legible, and now that it has 12-hour time, has won me over. The not-too-accurate outdoor temperature readings don't add too much to F04's functionality.
I've used a load of different faces on my G Watch, and to me, this Is by far the best looking, most detailed, and accurate face I've found. Thanks developer(s) I love it! Oh, and Lol @ the people with the Tizen powered Samsuck Gear 2 watches, It's not Android Wear bozos.
I wanted ⌚equivalent of a supreme 🍕 and I finally found.  If you want to know everything about the current weather, time, and lunar phase; the this is for you!
Easy to configure, lots to configure :-) - like getting a nifty cool watch for a buck twenty
Has all the information I use on a daily basis. Easy-to-read format and looks good. LG G Watch R.
Why can't we have just black n white mode?
Great app for the ASUS Zen watch. Looks cool and functions great! Recommended
Great watch face. Very easy to see with certain backgrounds, like Topaz. I like the ambient mode too. Doesn't seem to eat battery life with my Asus Zen watch. I have to add something however: when I first got the watch, I installed lots of things (app lover!) including this item, and the battery was dropping a percent a minute. It was going dead in barely five hours. I don't know what app was doing it. The watch updated Android several times after setting it up, (a-la Microsoft updates on a brand new computer... endless update, update, update) so I just factory reset it, and let it all sync again. (You have to "forget this watch" to get it all back, and go thru all the welcome crap again) After that, it will drop to about 60% by the time I get home at the end of the day - a nice gentle ramp on the battery graph. For people having battery problems, just factory reset the watch and try again. One thing that drops a star for me though is when I get too far from the phone, the weather and solar items turn into dashes. Maybe make it leave the data there, but grey out a bit or something until it reconnects and updates again. The cloud with slash symbol lets you know you're too far away.
Nice clean look, looks amazing on my smart watch, has all the cool stuff weather temp, even a moon phase?! So cool I'll never use that but meh its neat to have. Ty for the great watch face!
Weather information is so small it's hard to see
Can't initiate or  activate the watch app. Have contacted developer(s) several weeks ago but as yet no response. It says "installed" but nowhere on the phone (Samsung Galaxy Note 3) or Samsung Gear 2 watch can I see anything.
I don't have anything  showing other than the time, date and percentages of power.  I do not get detailed weather anything.  Not worth the money to me.
Plenty of options, I like it a lot. Only problem is that I would like to have custom letters for the days, right now it's only in english, having possibility to set custom letters for every day would be really great and worth the 5*! (I know the whole interface is in english but I am mostly looking at time and date and day of the week so it would help) ... Also it would be great to have option in the settings to keep the last data on screen when losing connection with the phone (maybe even let us set how long to keep the last data there). If I lose the connection with my phone on five minutes it is bad to see just date and time. And in those 5 minutes the other data visible wouldn't even change so keeping that data there would be great.
Another money wasted for an watch face who not read the main barometer. Read the internet values ... not from watch - LG Urbane
Great watchface that really takes advantage of full time internet connectivity. Running on my LG G Watch and no problems so far, will also be using it on my Sony Smartwatch 3 when I receive it later in the week. I have several other watchfaces from this developer and the options for dimmed displays make it a cut above others.
I gave this a couple days of use and it's consistently draining my battery so I can't even come close to making it through the day.  My battery just died at 4pm, with no app use and minimal checking of the time and email message alerts.  Previously with other watch faces including InstaWeather I can usually make it through the day with moderate use and have some power left over.
Was great at first, all weather data stopped working. Cleared data/cache, reinstalled, refreshed and still not displaying. Disappointing.
I don't have tilt to turn on checked yet once this face is on you can tilt and it turns on. No way to turn this off on this face. All other controls are nice. With face on all time it will eat your battery from a 48 hour cycle to 24 or less.
Downloaded 2 times first one I got refund thought I'd try a second time see if it would transfer and show up to select from my choices. Never showed up. No refund...
UPDATE 5/27/2017: it still hasn't been updated to fix the problem, where the watch face still doesn't cover the full area of the watch face. It only covers a specific area from the top right corner leaving negative space after a specific amount of pixels. I've tried reaching out to the developer and have not gotten any sort of response whatsoever.
I found a issue with sound quality. At the very beginning, the chosen song's sounds crack and make buzz sounds. I wish there were more sounds that are available for many more different heart rate situations. Except that everything was good!
Hey I've been using this app in the past just fine, but recently (about four to five weeks?) it can't be opened at all. Everytime I open the app it will crash. Please fix this!
pretty good!! I was a bit confused at first... I didn't know you had to swipe to change the sounds. so it would be a good idea to tell the user that. there's nothing outstanding though, I don't use the hearbeat thing often because...... it's a bit of a hassle and the sounds are meh. I give this a 7/10
The heart rate measurement is good but it's a hassle.  Why not have those sounds available the same way as the others? It's pretty frustrating when I want to a sound but my heart rate can't be detected. Sometimes I'm not able to measure my heart rate D;
I adore this app but.... Two issues with this app. Firstly, it sometimes won't stay on and keep refreshing itself so I can't get it to play. And secondly it randomly opens and starts without me doing anything and I can't get it to turn off. Please fix and I'll be giving this 5 stars for sure :)
This app on my galaxy s6 randomly starts up, it didn't do this on the Galaxy s3 that I had previously. Hence the three stars. If it didn't randomly start during inconvenient times it would be 5 stars.
Beautifully relaxing sounds They really help me relax when I'm trying to fall asleep. I will say that I only gave it two stars due to a lack of rain or thunderstorm sounds. Those would be amazing.
Withholding fifth star for now... I love this app, but it will not even open on my LG G2 VS980 running Lollipop 5.0.2... please let me know when it may be fixed! Hoping for an update!
Since the update to Oreo the app does stay on for more than a few minutes. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling still the problem persists. Hopefully it gets sorted soon because this is an awesome and useful app
Wonderful sounds but has mind of its own. No regard for what's going on at given moment, just does what it wants when it wants to.
I really do like this app, but I'm one step away from uninstalling it due to the fact that it, without any rhyme or reason, turns on automatically by itself.  Santa developers an email, I haven't heard back for a couple of weeks. :-(
Nice sounds, but constantly bugging out on Nexus 6P; opens and turns on randomly and the watch face is sideways on moto 360 and doesn't support ambient mode.
There's a nice range of sounds available BUT the app opens up randomly on my note 4 and will play some trippy tunes at the most inconvenient times.
The new night thing starts by itself along with a notification and it stops the sound I am listening to and then I can't stop it and I have to restart the app
Very difficult trying to get it to play after I get my heart beat measured. Randomly plays in the middle of the day when I generally only use it to help fall asleep... a bit buggy.
I loved this app but make me give it 3 stars because of the useless annoying heart beats to listen to music instead of sounds every time, and the worse part the heart beats doesn't work and cause the camera flash in the phone work to it's maximum bright causing the heat and damage to the hardware/s. If they fix it I'll give it 5 stars.
I have insomnia and this has helped me sleep in a way that all other apps have failed. 10/10
So disappointing that the watch face never shows up as a watch face option. 5 star if this actually work and I could use the watch face
I love the app and think its a brilliant idea, however I think there could be an improvement in terms of the in-app timer. Think of it as an unofficial Kaizen from a Xmas temp. How about altering the time so it correlates with the timer on the aroma diffuser? Then you could listen to some sounds whilst making the room smell great.
The app is so good, but for the hearth beat sound creator add the feature to measure my hearth beat with a real tool and then enter the pulse per minute number into the app...
Great app. Only one complaint. Can't move to SD card. 5 stars if this is allowed in a future update.
Since I updated to Android 6 Marshmallow the sounds don't loop. At the end they stutter and invariably wake me. Uninstalling and reinstalling doesn't help.
Its makes my light heat up made my speakers almost break music sucks
Please let us pick am and pm clock on watch face.
My finger tip burned when try to detect my heart beat 😂,
Watch face doesn't work on round watches.
Simple. Calming. I can fall asleep when my husband is snoring. Thank you!
But could use some rain sounds
Now it opens randomly on its own since I upgraded to my nexus 5x
This app has some issues that need to be fixed, as well as a potential for more content to be added. However, it hasn't been updated for more than a year.
Stopped working on my LG Watch R
Amaizing, it helps me with my sleep insomnia.
Nice relaxing sound. Listen to this app and slowly you'll fall asleep.
I could use a little more sound choices. :)
Use it every night to help me fall asleep. Wish they would add some from sounds.
Works well, took a minute to figure out how to use the different features. The sounds are very relaxing.
If there more options it would be great.
At 8am no less. I am at work, not in bed.
Really great, would love a rain sound.
may 2016.  wasn't compatible with android 2.i LG Urbane
Asus Zen Watch. Good looking watch face. Time and date colors can be changed independently. Ambient is simple, but white only. Another star if ambient colors can be changed.
Looks nice, but does not show events as advertised on an Asus Zenwatch 2 from a Galaxy Note 4.  Wanted the events shown....moving on to other watch faces.
Keeps crashing,  message on mobile. "unfortunately ultrawatch mobile has stopped"  uninstalled...
Salaam
Ok
Sublime  face
Ambient mode is a stroke of brilliance. Any chance of somehow displaying moonrise and moonset time?
A good start. The idea is great and the background looks great. The actual watch design could be nicer. And I would like to see a digital version.
I cant find it in my app list and widget list. I dont know wwhere it has gone
This does not work at all.
I do not understand how to use this apps😢😢😢😢😢
Great looking watch face! Well worth the measily $1.26 asking price.
The day and date dials don't work. It looks like they're just for show. The face is pretty good looking I'd give it a 4/5 if the extra dials worked.
Had to turn my watch and phone off to get them to sync.  Looks really nice!
This is a really nice looking watch face :)
Don't waste your time on this one
Ever since installing it on model 360 second gen the watch face shows up distorted.
Crashed my watch!!!
Awesome single hand watch face for first time. I was waiting for this
Goes well with silver band.
Keeps crashing
NICE
Single haind thats looks amazing on watch . Unlimitted colors assist me to choose according to dressing ,
After the new update i thought it was my phone or my Bluetooth speaker that made the app pause after 9, 10 minutes. I tried it with 2 phones and 2 Bluetooth speakers and it wasn't either one. I think thetes a glitch on the new tune in update thats makes it pause for no reason. Please fix i love the app
Radio from your whole town and your home world! I had the premium for a while but removing the audio books is a big mistake. Bring those books back and it be happy to pay a monthly rate. Not worth it just for live sports.
I like radio. Tunein makes it easy to find online stations. Was reluctant to pay ten bucks to remove ads and get the ability to record but am glad I did. The record feature is handy. When I hear something I want to save, just rewind and press record...cool! Good app.
Wow you guys have fallen. Bought pro a few years ago. Watched you destroy the UI, remove app features and also f-over your Pro payers like me. Now I open the app to a massive subscription request where you want me to pay for a yearly premium subscription for a hilarious €115 annually? There's a tiny little X at the top to close it. God help anyone who falls for it. You've also changed the Logo AGAIN to something even more ugly. Audio books are gone and now you inject ads before my stream despite me paying for this. Disgraceful. The UI looks like trash. I'll be deleting my account and telling everyone to stay away. Rot in hell.
Nice to be able to listen to programs of interest. However when I record a show to listen later, there are many gaps in the program and doesn't seem to record the complete show.
New design is an improvement but issues raised six months ago still exist. Rather fed up with raising them and nothing happens.
The latest update creates confusion with the first premium purchased screen. You need to add a skip button or no thanks. Didn't notice the little x on the right top at first time.
The app itself is great but why is there now ads before every stream I start? The reason why I originally paid for this app was to not get ads anymore.
Trying to cram too many things into one app. Just give me good radio streaming...
Mid Atlantic stations NOT availible via iHeart are here (and vice versa) which means I have 2radio apps. I need to know what all occurs in our Nations capital daily. TuneIn makes that possible.
I love this app and use it every day. Can we please get the option added back that allowed saving recordings to the SD card? Some phones still have limited internal storage.
Grooveyard Radio Link is awesome! Finding several great online radio stations!Tried others & came back. Still A+
Really good app. The human interface not very good
Paid for the app, now wants a subscription? Ask your advertisers. Bye.
Please bring back the round Black TuneIn Pro Icon.. I preferred it.
Allow user to change background color, enable dark theme. Miss the previous total black background that earlier versions had.
I really like this app but does have the tendency to skip and repeat while playing.
Needs a larger buffer option than 30 seconds
I am a pro user who paid. Now I am forced to upgrade to premium??? There are BETTER options out there
Me gusta poder escuchar mis estaciones de radio favoritas
My go-to app for all pod casts & internet stations. Perfect for my use!
It would be nice to have the favourites page more immediately accessible. Excellent app
Google login is not working anymore
Awesome that we can record our fav programs and podcasts available too.
Still the best radio app available, been using it for several years..
SoundHound integration please.
very good radio player worth the annual fee to remove ads
My favourite live radio app. Also good for podcast listening.
Great app to have all the audio that you love.
A++ app
Samsung Galaxy s7
Thanks for fixing the recording bug. Great app!
One of my favorite apps of all time
A dark mode would be nice
I love it so much
Great app grrat music
SMH
Like Love
Nice app
Works great
moto 360sport can't use it
Many apps crash after installing paid app.  Dev will not reply to email. Whipped my phone and only installed this app and crashes again. Uninstaller and no crashes. App creator will not reply or fix app.
I would love it more if the ambient clock wasn't such a battery drainer. Think u can fix?
Same as others drains my battery very fast even selecting lower brightness, the calendar also not showing events, I hope you can fix this issues, I really like it
Calendar info doesn't work, no events loading at all, also, weather info is completely wrong, something I see on any of your watch faces, where does it pull its weather data from?
On my Huawei watch, no matter what selection whether fixed or automatic, weather and related info isn't loading..
Killed my battery 3x faster than my usual use...
It would be nice if it would keep the meteo and stuff when my cellphone is in airplane mode.
Won't let me change the color scheme
This is a really nice watchface! I'd appreciate it, though, if it has some settings for the watch hands when in ambient mode. With just the outlines as it is now, sometimes it can be a bit difficult to read.
I remember a watch with rubber band from Italy name "O'clock", that have very similar design with simOclock. But I always appreciated hard work and I do hope you could provide plain black background for amoled screen like G Watch R. Now the black one seems like just dark grey. And ability to change between watch and phone battery info would be greatly appreciate. Thanks.
On my polar m600 the black background is more of a grey which doesn't look so great in my opinion. Also the default template choices don't update properly and I had to change the appearance in the custom setting tab
It's a nice watch face but yet I don't feel it's simple enough for me. I do like that the watch face shows the battery percentage even if that downgrades it's simplicity
I installed it but unable to trace it in my mobile, using nexus 5
No app in app drawer, no watch face in android wear or on watch itself.
Just missing 2 features first is always on (no ambient) and a way to donate!
Does what it says. Simple watch face with black background to make a long battery life on oled display. Permissions set to not steal your privacy. Top marks for that.
Everything about these faces are fantastic but it is having a hard time syncing when I choose a new style.
No instructions on how to change the watch face, no app on phone and no obvious icon to customise.
The best face watch I have used and I used quite few. Classic, simple nice
How do i get simOclock on my moto 360
Very nice,  but need instruction on how to get to customization page.
Hope there's an option to disable the watch battery.
Simple yet informative. My daily driver from now on!
I love the minimal aesthetic!
Loved the simplicity and the beauty of the watch well
This is an amazing watch face!
Love it
excellent
I bought simOclock not five minutes ago and I already love it. I got myself a Moto 360 a week ago and I've amassed a collection of 20 different faces, and sometimes - sometimes I really just want a low-profile, minimal look - simOclock gave me just that. With a bunch of different presets available (change through Wear) and the ability to customize yourself you're getting bang for your buck here! I really, really appreciate the seconds animation on the 360, the fact that it doesn't go below the black dead-space at the bottom is awesome, haven't seen that yet. Thanks!
I especially love the Moto 360 compatibility with the seconds smoothly tracking along the bottom never going out of sight. I'd like the name of the watch face to be optional. And the ability to use your own backgrounds and colors. So I gave it 4 stars because it has some room for improvement.
It's easy and simple to customize! It would be more cool if we have more options against customizing the Hr/Sec/Min hands
I like the simplicity, please add option for a plain/solid color background and distinct seconds. Then this will be a 5 stars ;)
Moto 360... Great watch face, beautiful, and easy on the battery. However, the battery indicator only updates when the watch face is set, not throughout the day.
But could do with a slightly nicer ambient mode. Some options around displaying battery and date would be good too.
Can we have the option of hiding the logo please?
It'll be nice to have a weather option.
Amazing watch faces
Decent price & beautiful work ! Thanks ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Nice work
I really like this face. It just needs a little more customizable options like using our own photo for a background. The second hand indicator is always visible on my Moto 360 and doesn't get lost behind the "flat tire" 😁.
Will be perfect if can add own photo background
I would like 12 hour option
You'll check your wrist just to watch the colors stack up.
Couldn't find the app once installed
Good
Unless you're military, here in the states we dont use 24hr time. Thank you though. I will add this to my collection when 12hr is added. Thanks.
We don't tell time in 24hr format here in the United States. Please add 12hr format as well. Also the date and month should be formatted Monday/October/20... Uninstalling and will check back for an update. There is a rest of the world too. Had installed for over 2 months and I'm sure I'm not the first to mention this.
24-hour time is much cooler than 12-hour time. Easier to set an alarm to and not confuse am with pm. What's so difficult about deducting 12 from a number to figure out the time?
Needs a 12 hour mode and more customization features.
Android wear apps disconnect & unable to view quote from watch
Can you consider to add alert features for indicators on chart ?
App down again...and this time for many hours already. Its really annoying...and if dukascopy is so unreliable as this app, then your money is better invested elsewhere.  New update: Down most of the time since yesterday, deserves way less than 1 star, but can't choose that little. No wonder...its Russian owned now, so the "quality" doesn't surprise.
1. Please have a feature to sort price alert, either by currency or value. 2. I saw the app have permission to prevent the phone to sleep, doesn't work.  3. Have an option to rearrange tab menu
App down very frequent.  If the server is not able to handle that many user, what's the point !
good (likely the best) app for forex, it's rather simple but can exactly giving what I need for trading/following the forex market.
This app is very clear n easy to use. However, it will be good if GBP/SGD can be included as one combi
Great app. I use it a lot to estimate the daily forex as I travel a lot. Definately one of the out there.
I like the market rates update and charts
It is good app. For me to follow the forex and petrole prices in a quick way
The rate quote is fast and flexible. Graphing is user friendly. Overall is quite good.
Very efficient app. Well organised
Excellent for any FX TRADER !!!
Its a good app for quotes
Simple but good
Good layout and comprehensive
Great app
Great app
Its usefull
Nice charting
Good app
Loved it
Good
Thankful
Bug report: I have no problems using the iOS version, but with this Android version I am always unable to log in to FXCOMM.
Will change to 5 star but why cant we change the charts from 1 minute to 15 or 1 hour on the watch?? Only allows these changes on the phone but on the watch it stays on 1 minute all the time.            Just saw your response you didnt answer my question. Yes it allows to change on dashboard and chart but only on the phone and Not on the watch. On the watch it always stays on 1 minute. We need this changed also to 1hour
This is exactly the sort of Forex app I want. Vastly superior to all the others I've tried but it freezes more than half the time when I use it - usually when I'm changing pairs. All other apps with fine. Not only does it freeze, but it slows down my whole phone too. Swiping right in the multitasking list doesn't solve the issue - I have to open App info and Force Stop. My phone is a OnePlus 2 so no slouch in the specs department. I'm happy to pay for a premium version if it means less bugs.
Have been using it for years on iOS and Android. But recent versions keep losing the personalized currency list. Very annoying.
Must be a joke with missing IMF reserve currency like RMB. And does not allow users to set different exchange currencies. Uninstalling it.
Please fix
How to change forex alert notification sound? I want to use custom sound  thank
Andorid wear is not working in 6.0
Not working on android N - Nexus 6
However in this version, the price alert keeps updating and will override your input price, please fix it, thanks
Freezes my samsung tablet when opened with other apps. This happens when switching from one pair to another.
Good app, but has some problems. In the dashboard, the patterns section has old patterns (dating from 2009) coming up on top. Should be able to choose which kind of patterns to show. Also, adding range charts would be appreciated. Even so, after all, a very complete app.
Please keep *my* default pairs (ex:CHF/EUR pour GBP/CHF)... After each app update, I get *your* default pairs and am always confused 😕. Also tried to clear cache, defaults etc. It doesn't help. 1 extra star 🌟 because you answered here.  But now I removed the app.
Live updates of the major currencies and excellent charting tools for high frequency traders. Highly recommended.
Nice , with volume bars on the chart . very usefull
Nothing best for a quick look at the market
Great design, but it's extremely stupid that 24 hour format and Monday as a first day of the week are locked behind a paywall. If I wanted customisation I would be extremely happy that I was able to buy this for a buck, but I didn't. I just wanted it to be useful to me.
I really like this clean neat watch face.  One suggestion, battery line could be green when above 20% then turn red below 20%.
Love the design. Only one thing missing ... The weather is only in Fahrenheit. That's like 2 countries in the world that use those units ...
It forgets custom colour settings sometimes
Not used for me, dificult to change colour.
I love the fact you can customise the colours OK this app!
Paid version doesn't add anything worth paying for
I love the sleek look. It provides a lot of information with simple design.
Even the preview version is quite sufficient. Addons are amazing too.
This is not working
Please make it compatible for my gear see !!!
Really good looking
Minimal and beautiful.
Damn cool.
Love it.
Quite stylish.
Nice
Interesting concept.  However the free version is missing the ability to display a 24 hour clock.  I don't know if this option is available only in the paid version or an oversight.  Also the weekdays should also be completely around the clock face with the weekday 'planet' moving gradually between each point over the course of the day.  Adding Wear2 complications would be useful too, and I'd use one for the battery, leaving the right side for the weekday planets.  Have one or two also orbiting could be nice, maybe?
Love this watch face. It's simplistic and creative. Only complaint I have is that after buying the full version the battery indicator no longer functions. Would be nice if that were working again. Also would be interesting to allow for the function of the indicator to be changeable. Maybe it could optionally be for fitness tracking progress?
Good design but can only change one colour. It would be great to control the colour of each element (hour, minute both numbers and bubble, full and empty battery colours/levels, weekdays bubbles, etc). Also as an option a second parallel arch for phone battery.
Need more options It's a good looking watch face, but severely lacking in options. Would change to 5 stars if I had the ability to show the accent colors at all times, instead of just when the face is active. Also being able to have a weather icon at the top of the watch face would be a welcome addition. &lt;----- Saw this in reviews and I agree 100 percent. Just bought it and I would like to have the option to display both the battery of the phone and the watch at the same time. Please developer read the reviews, a lot of people are requesting the same. This is a great looking watch face but could be better.
Very bad. Plss dont buy the pro version. Its no use very bad watch face
Awesome watchface have been rocking it day in and day out for at least 6 months, really hope Android Wear 2.0s complications feature is supported by this watchface soon, would make it perfect!
So, despite being a limited version of the full Radii watchface, I still love it. The simple, elegant and modern design actually takes into account that what I'm wearing is an electronic device, not just another watch. Just wish they let the free version have a few more features.
Really useful watch face, allows you to see date, time, and battery percentage really quickly and clearly. It's nice to see that it manages all of this with a rather aesthetically pleasing appearance as well.
Good looking, easy to read, generally an awesome watch face, even without the customization options (that you need to pay for, but even that is super cheap). I use it as my daily watch face and have a great time.
It's just not the most feature ridden watch face. I like the simple design but not being able to see my the battery percentage or to change the style of clock is a buzzkill
This is my everyday watch face. It looks awesome on my Fossil Founder 2. Have not found a face good enough to replace it in months.
I love it but there is one just one thing I dont like, when the watch goes to "sleep" and you have always on screen enabled, this face turns to black and white, i would really love it if we had the option to keep the colors when the watch sleeps like many other watch faces allow.
Beautiful watch face, just wish there was support for complications. Also wish that the ambient screen was customizable, it looks a little busy to me.
Doesn't work with zen watch 3
It's OK,  five stars if you could have a launch icon and change the colours of the date and minute markers
I love how simple and beautiful this face is. This is the only face I use now! My search is finally over 🙌🏽
No option to apply the face....What am I missing?
In my opinion, The Design Cycle makes some of the nicest watch faces out there.
Like design needs complications
Awesome watch face and simplistic. Would it be possible to add weather in the next iteration.
Simple and unique. Sure, more features would be welcome, but I wanted something clean and I got it.
Clean and simple. Love it
How to use Radii watch face to my GEAR S3
Terrible, haven't been able to get it to work, followed all instructions. There are free watch faces that look and work better than this... Moto360.
I love it
Sexy
Good watch took a while to come on to phone
When trying to change modes, ambient, it does not want to switch to any other modes.
Moto 360
The best
But it simply won't appear on my watch. All of your watch faces are gorgeous but they are the only ones that refuse to make it to the watch immediately. Took me a day or two to see a few of them show up.
Would really be perfect if you could set shortcuts to the different sub-dials kind of like you can with different elements in WatchMaker.
I think most of us smart watch folk like an ambient mode choice of settings,  what's the chance of making it possible to set a brighter cleaner ambient mode,  like less items on the face in ambient mode,  thanks
It's not very customizable.  Not really worth the purchase IMO.
If you look at the watch battery and it says 30 50 70 and then 06 the 90 is upside down
I can't get over how beautiful this watch face is. Looks stunning on LG GWATCH R and very customizable.
Would give it 5 stars if it had setup options and weather.
I love this watchface however it should have sweep Seconds Hand option. Thanks
Has my name on the face. 5 stars.
Would be nice if was more colors
Looks great on my Urbane !
Very posh looking
I love it
Love it
Utterly beautiful
I have e-mailed this developer for a refund a few times already and have not received a refund. It's strange this developer does not give you an option for a refund once you install the app. You have to email them to ask for a refund. Be aware of this.
Why does a watch face need a app icon? Also, it won't give me a refund. Poor.
Great watch face bt won't appear on my g watch r wat so ever so I had to get a refund please fix
Can't customize anything. No configuration options, thus no custom dials, colors, anything. Would be okay if it was free...
Would be cool to be able to remove "Brandon." Other than that it's really well done
Power display is wrong on lg watch urbane
I need red color....
Твърде алчно , пич!  Дизайн нулев.   Итерации под нулата.  - Колко ли ще припечелиш от този подход и натрапчиви реклами?!
Can't get this face to load. First face I've had a problem with. I have Fossil Q Founder.
Wow if this watchface has this many ads... I can't even give it a try. Uninstalled .
Very simple. Nice looking watch face. Like it alot.
Very robusty!
Intrusive
It deserves 5 or even six stars,  this is for me, attention it got, it got noticed and I've worn my moto for two months,  first time anyone said wow! my ability to see it in dark, light, and any place in between,  keep it up guys,  I love this
Amazing selections
Do not hijack the back button to beg for a rating. It's annoying. EDIT: Replaced annoyance of asking for a rating with DOUBLE annoyance of asking "sure you want to exit?" followed by begging for rating. This is not an improvement.
Purchased the pro version...i switched phones with same watch and get error log in to server for download the pro version. Waste of money and time...stay away.
Looks great on my sony sw3
Like both the normal and standby/ night mode. Simple, clear and elegant
Awesome color combination....
Minimal options unless you upgrade.
Great looking ,  needs free functions.  Love the simple,  classic, and bold design.
Looks great on my Moto 360,  easy app to use :-)
Great appearance!
Good options
Great design
Great app
Work  great
I take back my words. Changed my previous review stating that it was buggy. I hated it previously. Now I say it's awesome. It looks good and is subtly genius. P.s. I deleted my previous review...!!  Thumbs up dev. But too many limitations right now. Can't even customize. Other watch faces give customizations for free with better looks!! Uninstalling!
This app makes the watch look very high class. With its 400 x 400 watchface, it doesn't get much better than this! The sweep second hand looks superb!
Force closed on first use and spam notifications asking 5 stars. It's not a good way to get it. I'll give you a chance to fix it...
I like the face since it is very easy to read and looks great, but it drains my moto 360 battery in about 7 hours.
Cannot customize without buying the premium version.  Just another plain watch face.
Finally I got the app to work. I give it a 3 star it's on ok app it could be better if they want to make it better.
All most all of the watchfaces by this developer are awesome! Check them out! Loving this one!
customizations locked unless purchased
Looks great, runs smooth. Great purchase.
Work very well
Awsome
Thanks for the lovely creation.
Nice looking
Nice!
Awesome face
Excellent!!!
I like it so far
So far I like the watch face
Good watch face
I've been using the Dynamic Watch Face as my Daily Driver for a while now however it appears to be having issues with things like weather updates and the face has not been updated since May (problems started well before that).  This is by the same developer but seems to be getting more attention since it was just updated last month.  I will probably end up making it my new daily driver.  I like it because it offers a good amount of data without really crowding the screen and the interaction options seem to work really well.  One thing I would like to see though is the ability to change the hand style as there is in the Dynamic Watch Face, I prefer slimmer more pointed hands to the thick blocky ones.  It would also be nice if there was a way to remove the hands completely when going into minimal ambient mode, again the same way the Dynamic Watch Face does.
Nice design but Fit data doesn't update. Install..... forever. ** NOT WORKING AT ALL.
Don't know won't download
Good
Cannot install on lg urbane w150 running android 2.0 ... Pls advice. Tq but i like the face
crashes are gone with recent updates

Always loved what the developer comes up with and have a watch faces few already, this one is another winner too
Didn't connect with my sony smartwatch 3, although I have android wear 2 installed
It worked find for 10 mins then it went to simple mode. No way to get out of simple mode. I just lost .99
I've installed this app and worked fine for 30 minutes. Now It just defaults to a simple theme just showing the digital time in white on a plain background. Have tried removing and reinstalling but no difference. Waste of £1.29
No idea what Adnriod is but it installed just fine on Android. I'll have to wait a few days to find out what day Thuesday is though.
It is ok. Like this type of watchface
Nice watchface.
The weather is based off current time zone, as opposed to actual location. So even though I'm in salt lake city, I'm getting the weather for Denver (which is in the same time zone).
Crashes at first. When I get it to appear in my watch, 3d does not work & color does not change during night time. Original & flat design both not working.  I tried uninstalling & installing it 4 times. Still the same.Please fix it.
Awesome app for travelers who want to keep tabs with their time at home.  It would be awesome if we could change the weather source to AccuWeather or another weather app that could sync better. Wouldn't mind doing away with the seconds either.
It started out great, our adult children are missionaries overseas so with this app I can tell what time it is there...But it only worked for two days and now it force closes all the time and can't use it at all now. Please help me to fix this problem...
This is a great watchface well worth the 99c for a traveller (and for style points). Instead of having a long list of cities, i woud suggest having a list of GMT timezones, and the option to manually name each GMT timezone. This way, everyone can have their own city listed, instead of just one from the list. In addition, it would let people name timezones as "home", which would be useful. Another suggestion is to add a toggle to turn off animations completely, including the movement of the sun in flat mode.
Would be nice to have choice of colours, not just if one is am and one pm. The sun moon would still show that..seconds need to be off for battery. An extra star for the response.. Action on the seconds is needed. It eats the battery. Apart from that it's a great watch and a widget! I've paid for less. Especially like the widget. All watches should do this. Oh a star for that! BE NICE TO SEE OTHER WATCHES GIVE A WIDGET TOO. LOOKS GREAT AND BEING DUEL TIME IS SOMETHING I'D TROUBLE WITH FINDING A NICE ONE:))9*
This app is pretty cool specially when you are traveling, it's getting better, but still needs some work. Phone and watch battery percentage would be a nice addition, also, when you traveling different time zones, the app could shift time zones automatically in order to have the correct time zone on top, also would be a nice addition to be able to change the time zone from the watch when you are on airplane mode. And the weather provider should be an option like Weather channel or Accuweather
It never synced with my moto 360 sport. Didn't even show up in android wear app.. Waste of money absolutely
Edited review:  It works great on all my wear devices (Moto 360, LG G Watch, Asus Zenwatch). After help from the dev, it now works flawlessly.  Love the widget too!
I alwatys receive a crash report on my phone. I love the app but the crash sucks! Fix it please, samsung note 5
Would be nice to have the option to change the color, maybe black background with white text etc. Also, custom name the time zones? So one could select a time zone, but name it something else, for instance a city. For example, select US Pacific, with the option to name it "Fairfield, Ca" as oppsed to having a huge list of cities for each time zone. Last individual weather for each zone would be cool. But still the app does a lot as it is and am very happy with it.
Rather than having such a limited number of cities (really? Shanghai, but not Beijing?), it would be much better if we could just set the GMT +/-, then name the city or location manually ourselves.
Fantastic! Just what I was looking for. I emailed the developer asking for a larger clock for the primary time on top and received an email right back with positive results of a possible option in the future. That is the sign of a good developer!
There doesn't seem to be an Indian standard time zone (I.e New Delhi)?  I would think all timezones would be foundational for something like this
Great watch face. Wish we could have a always black or at lease be able to use custom wallpaper. Not just half white and balck
Just the watch face I was looking for, though I noticed the sun/moon black and white backgrounds do not match up with the sunrise and sunset times in the actual locations. The sun set hours ago but the app still shows a sun even at nine pm.
Night time screen darken doesn't work anymore
Bought the app but unable to sync with LG G WATCH URBANE just wondering is it compatible or not please advice regards
I am not getting to load weather on SmartWatch 3. It just says, "loading weather". On the phone app, I am able to see weather though.
Suggestions: Please make the timezone showing up on the watch to be user customizable.
Love it pretty and functional :-) Would it be possible to add watch / phone battery stats?
Could add more cities? - would like to choose more cities instead of just "Berlin"
Great watch face, but please, let me turn the seconds ticker off!
Can you add feature to hide seconds? Thanks.
Need more than two cities
Great watchface! It would be nice to have a search option for the timezones
Great for working with people abroad.
Really nice and simple. Love it!
Simple and effective
Helps me manage a team in a different time zone. Would like to modify name of selected time zone and display the current date of my default time zone.
I love having this as I use UTC on my phone & want local time on my watches. Would be nice if we can eventually see weather next to the clocks, too.
Nice! Please update it with options for different colors. I would to have a black theme to save on battery. Great App!
If you could remove the seconds counter (option) and make the time text larger I would happily buy and promote this.
Definitely does what it says it does.  I was quite interested in using the homescreen widget, but it isn't resizable, which is a deal-breaker for my homescreen setup.
Alot of work went into these watch faces and it shows thanks and keep it up.
Sucks
Just like the title says. Dev also listens & responds to customer feedback. Very appreciated. Would like to see the ticks in the corners of square faces as an option.
Wspaniały zegarek!
seen fossill phom
Looks great on my LG R Watch but needs some customization options.  Would like to have an option to not show second hand in dim mode.  The second hand freezes is dim mode but should be removed all together.
Not the watch face on the screenshots
beautiful
I have a champagne moto and this looks the best of ALL gold faces. One problem is it seems to use a lot of battery and somehow facer is also draining my battery while using this face, but not through facer?! Still, happy I bought it.
The MOST sophisticated look on ASUS ZEN watch on the market now! It would be state of the art if somehow to add battery and missing calls.
Misaligned on moto 360 latest update
I installed it and don't like it, but there is no refund option
Love the dim mode, but the second hand is off centered in my LG R. Hopefully the developer will fix this soon
Where is the version of the watch face without the frame?
Looks smart!
now after os update looks ridiculous with the second hand displaying on top of hour/minute hands
This is my go to watch face on the zen watch.  Colors get a bit odd in dim mode,  so I turned off "always on",  fix that and 5 stars.
Very elegant and classy looking watch face from a great developer.
Nice black watchface,  perfect for a black Friday!
Fit perfectly on ZeиШатсh™
One of my favourite watch faces to use on a daily basis. The reason I gave 4 stars is that it seems to have some small issues. If there are no calls or texts it doesn't make sense opening the popup. For the stopwatch I get an empty laps list which makes that functionality rather useless. This would be a bonus, but adding a color picker for to create or edit themes would be really nice. Another bonus would be to have the number of the steps at the end of the blue bar giving that that space is not really used for anything. Great jobs guys, another watch face well worth the money.
Was working well for a week. Now the calender mode has stuck on yesterday's agenda.  The steps are inaccurate compared to google fit. Nice design ..please sort the bugs
I've just installed this watchface on my Huawei watch, it looks really good there some changes you can do right from the watchface. My question is, is there supposed to be an app on my phone where I can make changes. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
With last update SMS will not update. New SMS not being shown. Deleted SMS still visible.
Never worked... Just kept crashing every 10 sec
Overall look is really nice but the steps and watch/phone battery indicaotrs aren't working.  Fully charged both devices and watch shows 80% for phone and 90% for watch.
Paid for the app....tried two times and the app would not show up on my phone. No option to open the app. Only one to refund or uninstall.
Great
Having tried dozens of other watch faces for my huawei, this is my favourite. Could do with a few more colour options, but I'm being picky. Many thanks
Good, but cannot reset the little notifications Mon to Zero after reading messages. Seems to stick at the first number it displays
Using this watch face on the original Moto 360. Wish it had more color options to choose from. No name displayed for the location of weather info.
I like this watch face, but there seems to be a bug where if you switch the temperature units to Fahrenheit, it only applies to the current temp and not the forecast.
The app is the best one I've used on my Sony smartwatch 3 . Unfortunately it drains my s6 edge battery. Any hints or tips to stop this will be gravely appreciated.
Nice features, but the extended weather only shows Celsius even if you select Fahrenheit.
It's checked for Fahrenheit but will still show Celsius. I still like it. Could use some other widgets like email or music controls.
Was a cool watch face until it broke, now says every 2 minutes on my phone "hyperspace watch face has quit working"
I have Fahrenheit selected but it shows Celsius in forecast. Otherwise, I like the watch. But that needs to be fixed. Won't be using this face again until it is.
my favorite watch face right now. worth the money.
Weather doesn't work.
Working as mentioned
very nice looking face. Has most of the info I like to see on my wrist.  Can we get an option to have 12h time? I'm not a huge fan of military time.
I love this watch face but it makes my system grind to a halt!  Please fix the issues whatever they are.  I kept getting so many error messages from my phone that it stopped notifying me and instead kept a running tab of how many errors it was causing.  68 in one week on a Samsung Galaxy s7 edge and the LG Urbane 2 LTE.
Wow! The heart rate monitor actually works real time on my Moto360 V1!!!
Nothing I do can get this face installed to my Gear S2 watch. (It's the one w/ the phone built in.)  I've installed and uninstalled.  I've rebooted my watch and my phone, and tried again.  It simply doesn't show up, either on my phone or my watch.  And yes, I'm using the "Gear" app. It just doesn't show up. I have installed other watch faces with no problem.  I'll either need a refund or a method of actually installing it.  Going to have to rate it 1 star right now; I'll happily update the review if I ever get it to work.
This is currently my go to watchface. The only issue I have with it is that the heart rate widget doesn't work except immediately after it is added. Once the watchface goes dark and is lit up again it stays at 0 all the time. I have a Moto 360 Gen 1 running Android Wear 1.4 (Marshmallow).
Starts crashing constantly after a few minutes on LG Watch Urbane w/ Marshmallow/LG V10 on Lollipop, only way to stop it is to reinstall the app. E-mailed dev several days ago, no response.
It took some tinkering to get everything to work. It's my favorite with information I need.
I like the watch but I can't get Fahrenheit to work it only shows Celsius and 24 hour time. Not a big problem I just need figure out how to convert.
Just bought it. Not bad at all, however why separate options? Some options can be set up on the phone and some other on the watch... Why not add them all on the phone? Also, the option menu in Android wear needs a SERIOUS makeover, it looks like it was made in 1980! Not L at all, much less M!
Almost perfect, but we need more interactive,  (fit, etc...) I would like one more theme (bottom window to be white). Heart widget is not working. My watch is moto 360 (1st Gen) android wear 6.1.
Design options and colors are great the best watch face to date
No square watch face :(
Great Developer
Nice face. But it didn't look great on my LG G WATCH R because of the bezel. Face has its own bezel, so looks to much. Had to go back to Shield face.
Now that the steps meter works it is almost perfect... Give some option for smaller numbers and dofrent design and it will be the best ever watch face!!
Doesn't work with Samsung s3 Frontier. Can not get it to work. Paid for the premium version and need my money back.
Googled for watch faces for Gear s3 frontier this came up I installed and paid premium but doesn't work with gear watches this is not clear. Can I have my money back please.
Oh man this face is absolutely fantastic. I immediately purchased the premium because of all it offers. I use it all, we'll designed. I love the high-tech complexity of the look but is also so easy to read all the information. Has everything I wanted for my Huawei 2 Classic.
I have also paid premium on this and can't get it to work on Samsung S3 Classic there is no way to send to face to my watch
Greatn watch face, best looking in the store. @dev any chance you can put the fit steps counter on the main Dave, perhaps instead of the fit feet icon?
Nice face. Call me crazy but I'd like the ability to set watch indicator to none.
Good luck.but not so attractive functionality.  And drain's the battery fast. So need refund.
Watch doesn't work with my fossil watch
Doesn't work with S3
Need a refund will not show up on my gear s3
Doesn t work

Mile
I love it
Sweet
Doesn't appear in android wear application since v2.0 update. Waste of money if you are on that version
very nice but cannot upgrade to premium. nothing happens when i tap the upgrade button
I have a lg urbane the shield watch face works why not this one
I only use it to change watch faces. Very limited unless you buy the premium version.
Pretty good watch app, liked it.
Very nice and packed with features
Good looking watch face
diesnt work on LEMFO LES1
I only have to problems, 1st why isnt there any full awake screen option and 2nd when the watch face is on always on mode the center of the hole watch moves upwards and it looks pretty ugly. Please have a fix to that. Rather then that the watch face is just perfect I love it.
One of my best free watch faces, I think I will buy premium.
Nice Watch Face
Looks nice but Weather doesn't update even with premium upgrade.
not working on Samsung gear s3
Looks nice but free version doesn't have any interactive functions. Maybe it would be a good idea to remove free version and to offer only premium one which maybe worth something. Free version - instant uninstall...
Its good, however i am giving 3 stars just bcoz it doesnt have square watch support. I have asus zenwatch 2. Another reason for not buying the premium version.
Unfortunately on square watches you can't make it fit. Oh well.
Need improvement
Don't listen to anyone who's rate this app with 1 star. I have that face for an year already. Never had any problems since the install. Noobs read first then install. This is for an android wear. Not for the samsung. It update weather. It mirroring all your apps. I even get video from my security doorbell she someone rings
Love this watch face. It is one of the best on the market
Celsius does not turn over to Fahrenheit you can't get any of the premium options to work I want to Total refund
It works well with phone transferred itself to the moto watch by itself , it looks good so far. It winds up to the actual time every time it turns on kind of annoying
Purchased after reading all the great reviews. However, the app wants me to pay again to install on the watch in addition to the phone. Either fix or refund.
I love this face and have tried a ton. It is the only one I use. I run it on a Huawei wear. I love the fact that the screen when dimmed is still the full screen and not just a black screen with a couple of bars.  I bought this watch because it actually looks like a watch...this face goes along with that concept.
Brilliant. Looks great, lots of customisation options, loads of fun for the time of year. Would love to be able to see date, watch battery and phone battery simultaneously - that would make it perfect.
I love funky sweaters and I love this watch face. Nice job!
Good face
This is a cool watch face. Pick your sweater style and colors. Works great on my square watch (ZenWatch 2). Only issue is I would rather have a countdown to Christmas rather than the battery percentage. Still really cool.
It's not bad, but the battery % is never right. Not a deal breaker, but very annoying sometimes. I wish I could just turn it off.
You can customise the sweater to make a really tiny ugly Christmas jumper , best 73p I've ever spent
I just wish you could save 5 different watch faces and have them cycle like a desktop background.
Love it. Simple, with just enough options. Can set it to always have color, even in passive mode. Very satisfied customer.
Great fun for the festive period. Works really well on my LG G Watch R.
Would be great with a weather widget
Can't see how to get more settings than just the red background.  Thanks for the reply, I had to factory reset my phone as NO Watch faces were showing in the App even though they were on the watch.  Now have a lovely green zig-zag just like the preview picture.
Several designs to choose from, and nice face with black background when screen isn't fully on. I only saw circle faces for the screenshots do wasn't sure how it would be with my square face, but it looks fantastic!
I don't love Android wear. I'm pretty firmly in the Pebble camp, but this watch face has made me want to wear my zen watch. It's absolutely delightful. Thanks!
Really customizable and lovely patterns! Would love to change ambient background separately as well, since my Urbane has an AMOLED screen.
I bought this just to make my wrist a little more festive, but I've really been impressed by how well put together it is. Bravo!
Looks great on my Sony SW3. Interface on the phone companion app for tweaking settings could use some polish, but it gets the job done.
Love the face, but your pictures show different colors that aren't available to customize after downloading
Like my mom did it for me :) absolutely worth to buy
More than I bargained for
five stars if you add an option for black and white ambient mode 😁
Gata am rezolvat
Thanks for adding the pattern on ambient mode.
Does it only do military time?
Simple and festive.
Get into the Christmas spirit!
A complete beauty 😍
Definitely recommend it
Love it! Great patterns and colours!
Fantastic!
Neat
Works great
Great
Amazing
Very festive. Battery size indicator doesn't work. Needs an option to remove the battery indicator altogether.
Nice watchface for the season. Can we swap battery for steps or weather or blank?
Love it. Very ugly in a GOOD way!
This watch face is perfect!
Not available on my sony SW3.
Liked the idea, but for me the big problem is I have the display turned off (to extend battery life), so when I tap the screen at first I see a incorrect time before it updates.
I wish I could modify it to my preference. Get date, day, battery level, other things.  But its free and it does the job.
Perfect watch face, my one and only issue is that I can't change out of 24 hour format, would rate 5 stars with that option
Great watch face, I wouldn't mind having some settings to change from 24hr time to 12hr time. The animation is a nice touch.
No 12 hour mode?! I'm stuck with a 24hr digital clock?
OK, I'm lame and nostalgic. It's basic, simple, and simply perfect.
Great job was just what I wanted my old htc flip clock just a shame regarding no widgets but thanks
Why can't I change out of the 24 hour format / military time , and it needs the date.
No 12 hr, only 24 hr clock.
Works well on Motor 360. Easy to read even when screen dimmed.
Like it
Simple yet elegant
Works as advertsied.

West of time...
As it says free smartwatch faces, well the only thing free was my time installing the application, did not work for me on any of the 5 various smartwatches that I have,  anyhow it doesn't matter as I have decided to uninstall this application for now.  Thanks development team, really appreciate your help with this matter please don't hesitate to fix this matter.  Ranting over..   PLZ FIX..😁
It is a great app but, now that I switched phones I have to pay again? All other apps don't make you pay twice. Don't buy premium version if you're thinking of switching phones any time soon
I loved the non HD version of this app on my G Watch and now that I've got a higher resolution watch, I like this app and its various faces even more. Definitely worth checking out.
First was duped by the split sales deal non HD vs HD.  Then after buying both versions the HD push button doesn't work while the non HD does.
Love these watch faces. Would be even better if it had support for complications on Android Wear 2.0
Free watchfaces are never bad!  I like the faces, just don't care too much for the vuxia branding.  Would be cool to add your name there...
Beautiful work, some of the best watch designs I've seen here. Thank you for your work. Very elegant and stylish designs.
Very elegant, classy, and would recommend to anyone. Also, creator of app is awesome. You will not need another watchface app
Works with Huawei 1 ambient mode very bright which can be useful but needs to be used carefully
The first and only watch face app I like, I am using it on my Sony Smart watch 3.
I want some of the premium features
Choice is the best ingredient for this type of app. Pay the premium; get the options. No issues on my 360 with 2.0.
Really great watch faces available. Love all the colours available. Always install this first. Would love to have all the watch faces unlocked.
Great selection of free faces and even better selection of premium faces.
These are some very nice hi res watch Faces
Attractive faces and not overly complicated. Excellent wuality
Arguably the best wear face collection out there for the Asus zenwatch 2 and beyond. Thanks.
Nice styling in HD looks good on my watch.
Nice, elegant watch faces with a wide variety
excellent watch faces very reasonable price
Functional, economical and attractive watch faces.
It's amazing how clear and beautiful  they are.
Can't get it to load on my phone
Nice set of faces, would be good if had buttons for Google fit
Love all the faces, easy to use
Great selection of watch faces!
Gets the job done in style
I like the watch faces.
Easy to use and very nice looking watch faces.   Stylish and professional
Very realistic and elegant faces
Bunch of faces for a great price
Great job well done
Will leave a proper review when I get an unlock code
Very classy looking watch faces.  Nicely done!
Great, smooth app
My favorite watch face for my LG G watch
Lovely watch faces
Beautiful watch faces
Great selection of watches All good quality
Great app - love the watch display.
Absolutely flawless! Finally a pointless button that actually Works as advertised!  Makes a great watch face if u don't need to know the time or anything else for that matter.  My old favorite app just became my new old favorite app!  Sweet and sour all at the same time!  Odoyle rules!
But okay
So bad
Was curious about this app. Wasted 2 minutes of my life downloading this app to find it doesn't work on moto 360
10/10 literally had no use.
Solid as a rock and works beautifully.
I searched for 2 days to find a good note and then i found this. I am greatful! Man, the search was very tiring!! I hope you guys do well in the future. In fact, the app is good! Just a little suggestion, can you guys make a thumbnail view of the notes? It would be awesome since some people love squares/rectangles (I love it). The tagging is good but I think foldrs/ntbks is muchmuch better. It would be great if u can enable/disable the time and dates displayed on the notes. And themes. And fonts too.
I'm rating it 2 stars though, because it has dealbreaker bugs for me (I bought premium)... Calendar doesn't save notes! (this is the main premium feature, so it NEEDS to be fixed asap). It also as a bug where tag synchronizations between two devices doesn't occur (save one tag in a phone, it doesn't show up in your tablet). Really nice app, anyway: material design, beautiful transitions, tags, CALENDAR... I mean, what else could you ask? Please please fix it
I know the competition is tough out there, but I hope it doesn't mean you'll give up. People look for alternatives all the time. I hope there would be a folder/category view alongside tags. I would be sold. Also Google Drive sync would be much neater. When clicking on a note it should open in view mode with a FAB button for editing.
Very professional minimal design.  Needs two things: sync across android and full white background for a resized widget even if the widget is not full. Like the Google mail widget. If both of these can be done, it's better than Keep.
1. In list note, we only can add new list item from buttom, the problem is, if we create many item list, when we open, start from the top. We have to scroll down. 2. The checked list item can't move automaticaly. 3 need spesific note item on widget
I love this note taking app. It's my go to note and list app and I use it every day for work. I love the simplicity and also the material design. I find it so much faster to use Bluenote to jump in and create a quick list or note as opposed to something like Evernote which has so many options and setting that it just becomes over complicated.
Material Design implementation is nice but the app still needs basic features to be functional. For example, the reminders should include support for recurrence and this should be relatively easy to implement. There are many free apps that include this functionality.
2 types note, colour differences, tag and alarm - so cool. But if the alarm had vibration and stayed little longer on full screen, it would have been great.
I am thrilled to have found this app. I think it will end up replacing ALL my on the spot note taking apps.  *Update* Upgraded to premium on my tablet but am still getting ads on my phone.
The plus sign "+" gets smaller when you go to the manage tags section of the app, not sure if you're aware of that, other than this great app!
Used to use Google Keep -- but two big problems with that ... 1) Read the privacy agreement -- not much privacy and your data is on their servers.  2) After the latest Android Wear update, it stopped get new data from my phone -- so my watch and phone are out of sync.  With this app, it looks like all my data is local to my phone -- not on someone's server -- and the sync with my watch is working.  I love it!!!  Only thing I can't do is check or uncheck todo list items  -- on my watch -- but that's ok.
Hi Abhi,  The app looks great and infact this is how Google Keep should look.  Is there any possibility of Syncing Notes with Gmail (Using Different Labels as we see in Gnotes app) ? If yes, it will be a great option for me and many other users as well.  Thanks for the great work.
This app is very good. It has Material Design, looks great....but....the lack of calendar sync is a big mess to us!!!! maybe Keep has not the best UI but it's more powerful utility app.
This app has one big flaw. If you accidentally back space over some text there is no way to undo or exit the note without saving. I have done this several times recently and it's very annoying. Apart from that I like the app.
I did use Keep because I couldn't find any good note apps, and then I found this on reddit, and I fell in love with it! Keep up the great work!
There are small bugs , but it's ok, you will fix them in future. Can you include in next version : 24 hour clock and first day of week to be monday
This is a very good application, simple ,fast and good UI I love it but unfortunately after i upgrade my android to 5 it doesn't work anymore I hope developer give new update fast
I've been waiting for a note app with the functions that come with this app.  Dropbox sync, tag support, reminders and even Markdown! I think it's a great start but the Dropbox sync seems to be broken. Good work! :)
It looks clean and easy to organize. The ability to sync to Dropbox and back up notes makes it harder to lose important notes. The only thing I feel it is missing is locking notes with passwords to hide important info.
I like this app A LOT, but I need reoccurring tasks. The UI is VERY appealing and the syncing option is welcomed.
Very comfortable app but it seems that it rather dead project than alive. And it is very sad
Very impressed. Wanted a non-fussy app that's simple to use yet versatile. This has it all. Offers various note formats, colour and tag, reminder and widget plus backup. Very nicely done.
A couple small design flaws but overall extremely well made!
Living the design, could be better if the option of adding a pin to enter app was added.
ठीक है। इतना भी अच्छा नहीं जितना लोग कहते है। फिर भी सब की अपनी अपनी राय है। सिर्फ ड्रॉपबॉक्स क्लाउड? गूगल के साथ क्यों नहीं। TICK TICK बढ़िया है और फ्री भी है।
The beta vers had no ads, I am all for free apps having ads, but I don't want ads in my apps
Easy to use and sync with Dropbox. All the features I need. love the tag support, and being able to sync. thanks for the great app.
The app is easy to use. Great look. Good set of features. Most of all, the developer is very responsive.
I paid for the premium version and my notes are not syncing properly between my tablet and phone... Is there a way to manually make the notes sync? I'm very saddened by this. I have drop box enabled.
So flexible, and the material design look is great. The tags are useful for searching and filtering. Developer continues to enhance an already great app
Doesn't overwhelm with too much features + have just what I need from a notes app.
Dropbox Sync seems to do nothing, even when successfully linked with Dropbox in the Premium version.
But missing sort by reminder date and time.  And color for tags. And time picker with 24 instead of am pm
Still testing it out but like everything so far like the way it connects with Dropbox
Can't insert image. No sharing collaborating. Computer app that sync with the notes.
I hope to get password and reading view. For edit I want editing icon.
The best note app design in market, but if it support attachment it will be useful
Hi, this is a great app. The dropbox sync is however not working..
Can't import anything into the note
Pretty but without calendar sync
I love the look, but it isn't compatible with my Q Explorist apparently? I'm going to miss it!
Love the watchface but since the 2.0 update on my watch I can't set it up anymore. I can choose the watchface​ in the menu but when I want to set up for example the color it tries to open something. It then freezes and the only possibility to get out is to press the crown. Would be awesome if it got fixed.
its a very cool watch face and all but the on watch watch face settings are completley broken(moto 360 1st gen) and when i want to set the 3 tap app on my phone the preinstaled stopwatch didnt show up please fix and ill give u 5 stars but all in all 100% would recomend to everyone
I really like the look of this watch face and the customizability. Being able to keep track of the battery % of both my phone and watch is great. A feature I'd love to see, is the option to randomize the colour every month/week/day/hour/whenever I look. I can't currently modify the colors through my watch itself with Wear 2.0, looking forward to an update.
Multi select settings are not working correctly on my moto 360 2nd gen
Look very nice. But got error during customisation...can't choose the settings. Would be great if there is a fix!!!
Installed it on my 1st gen moto 360, it works but thats about it. I cannot change any of the settings at all. Everytime i tap the settings it just shows a blank box. It just sort of freeze. Had to wait until my watch turn off the display.
This is a great idea but on my LG Watch Urbane, the watch face settings on the watch itself do not all work, I have have to use the app on the phone to set the watch.  Currently running Android Wear 2.5 and Android OS 7.1.  Thank you...
Managed to get it working on my urbane after some messing I like it I'd basic so well save me battery life
Menu does not work. It froze every time a try to change the settings on my ticwatch e.
A little buggy! Doesn't show correct battery level of watch & sometimes of the phone too.
Love this watch face. Configuration works from Android Wear app. Configuring from watch crashes.  Great customization options.
Freezes Everytime I try to do anything. Ticwatch E running Android 2.0
This is I've of my absolute favorite watch faces on my Zen watch unfortunately it doesn't show up on my LG watch style wear 2.0 I've tried resynccing multiple times to no avail.
It looks ok but setting bugged on moto 360 sport.
Looks nice, but settings are broken on the watch, and work only thru the Android Wear app. Please fix!
Watch battery is not correct , pls fix it !
Cannot change any of the settings. Shame, looks quite nice. UPDATE..... You have to use Android Wear to alter settings. (after contact from Dev)
would freeze trying to change settings...
Nice and easy to read. Simple design but the old ways are the best. Very retro 😀
Settings does not work on AW2.7
Looks great, but can't access any settings on Moto 360 v2 with Wear 2.0.
Battery on the watch doesn't update anymore and i cannot change the settings on the watch itself.
Nice looking face but I can't edit it to change colours etc so deleted
This is by far the best watch face for me. Simple and retro geeky. Good job :)
V. 1.18 can't change font color on SmartWatch3
Cannot edit settings on watch - freezes the watch every time
crashes. horrible.
great watch face, with a lot of customization.
This watch face is great! It has all the features I was looking for, and looks fantastic. I've seen other people mention this - the 3 tap app starter doesn't seem to recognize all the apps I have. I would very much like to start the "flashlight" on my watch with the 3 tap quick launch, but it does not appear in my choices. Otherwise, everything works just fine!
Very customisable, which I love. Can get just the attic that I want. Only two issues: 1) Can't assign in built apps (such as torch or timer) to triple tap. 2) Transition animations are slow, often activating right when I wake up my watch, making me wait before I can see the time. Would be nice if I could disable those.
This is a really nice watch face and I love it. The only reason why I am rating it 3 stars though is that for some reason the mobile phone percentage seems to be stuck at 77%. Both restarting the phone and the watch don't seem to fix it. If you fix this, I will quickly change my rating to 5 stars.
I like this watchface alot. It looks great on my 1st gen Moto 360. I only took a point off because I was hoping that we could choose more apps off the 3 touch option. Also I would like an option to use an image from my phone as a background and have it be pixelated in appearance.
Notified me to remind me to buy it. I don't use it and surely won't now. It wasn't good. Uninstalled.  Edit: Anthony, I used it once to see what it looked like and I didn't like it. After not thinking about it again your app decided to notify me LOUDLY while I was in a meeting to remind me to buy it. First, you don't know if I'm using it, secondly, "reminding" someone to buy something that you offer for free is a pretty dick move. Maybe if you want to sell it don't give it out for free? I'm pretty sure if i wanted the extra functionality I would have paid by now. It's even fine if you advertise that you can upgrade on the watch face...but notifications?!? unprofessional.
This is a very pretty and simplistic watch face! I only have 1 question. On my watch face, it has these stats that say "W:71%   M:57%" and I am unsure what those are. Other than that, I give this a full star rating. 4 stars for being very pretty, +1 star for being free!
All these people having problems and giving 1 star need to switch to iPhone because clearly you have the mental capacity of a 3yr old if you can't get it to work. I managed to setup how I like it in about 3 mins.
The watch and options are great. However there are a few things that I wish were included, being able to adjust text size, battery status bars went from top to bottom(instead of middle), but most importantly weather. I'm huge on wanting quick glance at the temp/forecast on my watch. If I can't do something that makes my life easier, what's the point of having a smart watch?
Not all dots line up, especially with the date.  Also, why show unused dots.  Pretty pointless as you can't make them black and therefore they take up battery power to display.
My favorite watch face, using it on the Moto 360 2.0. Only thing missing is extra customisability.
So it's a brilliant face but recently the mobile battery does not update. There's also an error in the settings for the digital battery where it doesn't update the tickbox
Nice interface - custom watch screen good.  I would have liked to have had a Heart rate monitor that would work with Google Fit .  Is this possible in the next update please?  Giving 4 stars but would have given 5 if the Heart rate monitor was included
Pretty good
Thanks
I'm sure I'll like it once I get it to install. I'm trying to install it on a Verizon Android Wear watch that I got for $75. Supposedly new that was supposed to ship with wear 2.0 but actually shipped with wear 1.5 so we'll see. At any rate love the look of the app wish me luck
Really good looking watch face!  It's awesome the complications work!
If I open the weather, it shows Fahrenheit, though the small display is C?
So far it's ok
Fantastic watch face, works really well =D
Not worth it
Awesome.
Well done with ability to access calendar info, steps and weather forecast without making so much info on the main screen that you have to have 20/10 vision to read it.  I like the digital and analog time on the face as well.  It would be nice to have some other color presets to chose from .
Cc I have to do with it and it was the only one of my
Would like to have a button to pull the configuration and colours from the watch to the phone
Great looking face!
Awesome for the customizer
Not sure if completely working.   I purchased premium.   Second hand does not appear and alarm interaction does not respond.  -Note8  Update:  phone just notified me that this app is using over 11% CPU.   WOW!!
Cool face.. settled on this after trying various options..  If possible, they should add "hourly chime" feature in next update..
Can't go wrong with the faces from this developer. All perfect on my Urbane 2 with Note 8.
Can I suggest if the developer can design the face to maintain as round shape on a square face watch ie Sony smartwatch 3. Really like the round shape compared to the square design
Love it one of the best free all in one watch faces.
Hi how do I apply it to my gear s3 watch?
Pretty watch face, lot of option to configure  functionality and look of it
Great watch face, exactly what I was looking for.
Free version does exactly what it says.
lovely
Good
Great looking watch face. Issues promptly addressed by developer.  Color customization straight forward.
I quite like this one, defo need the premium though
So nice
Love this watchface, would like to be able to edit the ambient mode a bit more....switch off hands / complications etc...other than that I recommend this face +++AAA
Excellent customization for your smart watch face. Now if I can only figure out how to use the watch!
Let me display information I need and shows time
Still new
Great watchface, but you need the paid for version to get the most out of it. I'd like to see my next Google Calendar appointment showing instead of the digital date. I read Darings reply but it has left me totally bewildered.
Couldn't install on watch. It kept complaining that I wouldn't give it access to my pictures, and it kept trying to add an account to the watch.
I like it. But I purchased premium and it won't let me restore my purchase cause I had to reset my watch to connect to a new phone. Any fix?
Good, but no basic color picker and can't set weather location manually.
Great watch face work's well on my fossil well worth a look
Good watch face. Would like better explanation regarding the interactive feature. I am not sure what that does.
Nice app expensive but nice
weather do not work at all.
It needs a proper square face comparability, rather than shrinking a round face. You lose too much "real estate" on a square watch.
Battery and temperature seems to be stuck after first applying. Sad, it does look great. Uninstalled.
Looks great, but it's a massive battery drain on the LG G Watch R - the ambient mode needs to be fully black & white because of its OLED display, whereas your ambient mode is just toned down normal mode, which means I can't really use it.
Sexy looking!!!!!

Looks OK, although very grainy on the Huawei watch. Temperature never actually displayed anything and there's not enough of a difference between the ambient and non-ambient screen.
Rilwan
How the hell is the price for the premium unlock advertised $1.75  but i got charged $2.49+tax?
Night mode doesn't work, screen goes black after showing night mode for a second ...
cool Amazing Colors that looks beautiful must download it
Awesome watchface with very lively colours.
Nice colors
This watchface is one of the best it runs so smoothly and doesn't drain the battery to much which of me is a big deal. I would definitely pick this one up
Brilliant Watch Face, plus I got it for free thanks to their instagram code giveaway! Not much more I could ask for!
Needs some more customisation options. The red band around it is a little weird...
These watch faces are really nice! The only problem is they took a couple days to come in! But they are worth the few dollars
Need help! Having problems with this on my Smartwatch 3 since I upgraded my phone to Oreo. Every time I install to my watch it remove itself.
Really great app especially the preview option!
Can only access one of the faces and cannot change settings. Otherwise great app
I really like this watch face. It's very polished. The only thing I would like to see implemented is the ability to change the date and battery level. I would like to be able to check my phone battery and check the current temperature. The watch battery is too easy to check and seems like a waste of notification space.
Is nice but it annoys me that the time is down the bottom so that notifications cover it up. Would REALLY love the option to have the ambient version as the watch for the whole time, is that possible?
The only thing I needed was the ambient mode as an all the time option. Something low power.
It's good but needs to get rid of the stupid white rectangle, what's the point of it 😕
Downloaded this for my huawei watch and it won't show up and it's no where to be found, so I can't use it
I would love to have the option to make ambient mode the normal (permanent) screen
Installed this but it doesn't come up on my smart watch 3
Love it
Why no Samsung?
Cool watch face
Always loved deadpool, and was excited for this app. A fun one to cycle to now and again
Love the faces, captures Deadpool so well.
Won't work. Keeps shutting down.
Brilliant watch face, good for any deadpool fan.
Fun
Take it back it works great
Like it
It never downloaded on my phone paid for it and never got it
Love everything about this watch face besides the fact that I can't chose a 12hr clock. That's a very important option which I don't understand why it has been left out. I'd love to give it 5 stars when the feature is added. [[EDIT]]] The 12hr clock option has been added! 5 stars! Love this clock!
Love the look of the watch face, but the fact that the date does not change, and it is incredibly slow to update the phone battery percentage makes it hard to rate higher than a 2. If these items get fixed, I would easily give it a 5.
The refresh rate does not work properly. Today is 20 and the watch was still showing 19. This does not happens with others skins. The app becomes useless.
I love this app but it only gives 24 hr time. For example instead of saying 8:30, it says 20:30.. Id appreciate if you'd fix thanks!
Very good app, however issues with phone battery stats not being updated properly so gets stuck at a percentage and doesn't update the phone battery stat. The watch battery stat works fine. If fixed would get 5 stars. Using with a G Watch (square) UPDATE: Getting issues with the Date also being stuck on 1st Jan please fix!
I'm currently experiencing the date constantly being out of sync with my LG G Watch. Other than that the UI is beautiful and doesn't eat much into the battrey
Would really love if there's an option to go grayscale on always on/ambient mode and have 12-hour clock more(after all, this is a watch face and being able to choose the prefered time format is very important). Having premium version of battery stats is an added bonus because you don't need to look at your phone to check on wear battery and it also have time prediction albeit it's not very accurate.
I love this watch face and its currently among my favorites, but it really needs a 12 hour option
Downloaded this yesterday and it still does not show on my phone or watch even though it has had all night to sync  UPDATE: After talking to the dev, it is now working perfectly and I love the customisation options
With the new update, the badges don't render correctly (as shown in the product page). They are lower and obscured by the 360's "flat tire".
Now it has digital Watch face its fab.   If I could change anything I would like separate set of colors for ambient mode and the ability to hide badges in ambient
The update added a lot of useful stuff. I like the new badges and the phone battery line additions. Keep going like this!
How do i change the ambient band color? Its pretty thick and white eats battery
better now that i can use it :)
Excellent App!
It sometimes does not sync correctly with the battery time in the battery stats app resulting minor confusion
One of my instant favs.
I absolutely love this. The themeability, various color selections, and full utilization of square faces is the exact thing I was looking for in a face for my GW.  The only things I could want out of it are toggles for bigger cards and for animations off, to make it perfect. Edit: Awesome Dev too! Added the animation toggle within a day or two of asking. Wishing I could rate over 5 for this. Thanks!
I want to use Digital Watch Faces only, can not easy tell the time when the watch is dimmed with an Analog Watch Face.
I got this watch face and i can't see it on my watch. Doesn't show anything
The battery indicator is useful and looks good at the same time. I like the customization options as well. Very well done!
One of the most beautiful watchface is also one of most useful. Great work !
Waiting for the OTA to roll out to use it.
No
This developers watch faces are great, BUT,  for some reason he/she chooses to show the app icon in the app drawer rather than use the Android Wear app, adding clutter to the phone. All of their work would be 5 stars if they'd do this
Most of the features do not work
Works really well on the LG Gwatch R.  The ability to change the blue elements to another colour would make it perfect. My current favourite watchface.
It's nice, but sometimes the watchface is off-center in ambient mode. Very strange glitch.
Square on round huawei
Square watch face on round lg watch style. Uninstalled.
Square on a round watch, no option to change.... 😐
Chic, simple 👍🏻
Great watchface
Like the classy clean look, but wish I could opt to include weather widget rather than phone battery status.  Watch battery drains almost faster than my bath since installing - lucky to get 9 hrs.  Used to get 1-1/2 days.  For occasional use only for me...
I really like this watchface, but about two days ago, ambient mode started to display time moved by one hour back, wihich make it a bit useless. Waiting for fix, then I'll give you guys 5 stars, couse  you earned it ;) LG G watch R
Most watch faces I feel are designed in low resolution. On my Urbane they appear grainy. This one doesn't. It's clean and very pleasing design. I haven't changed it since I put it on.
Could use a larger date font, and an alternate version for watches (like the Moto 360) with a flat tyre at the botrom
The watch face that display on my sony s3 was not the same one as the preview images......if i had paid mo ey for this i would be truly pissed.
Really like it, but I'd give it 5 stars if the date was bigger (as it's hard to read in ambient mode) and it had a 'flat -tire' mode that removed the 6 altogether  to avoid being cut off.  Thanks!
This kills my watch by 4pm.
Since you're selling Tizen apps I'm not using ANY of your products anylonger. Uninstall Immediately!
I just love this watch face, simple yet elegant and informative. Customizing the ambient mode is a plus. Great indeed.
Seriously, how is it that certain faces from watchmaker have battery issues while all others work perfect!
Does not change any skin
Lovely face looks great on my Huawei
Good for my Huawei
Very well thought out
Love it and it works great!
Watch face is absolutely superb
Nice!
Nice watch face
Very 😎
Nice
Awesome
Good
Cool watch face but ... when I set Ambient to Simple Analog Time then switch to another face, the setting doesn't take effect next time I return to this face. I Set Watch to this face and while the app shows the correct Ambient setting, the watch goes to Full Face. I can change to any setting and go back to Simple Analog to get it working but that's not how it should be. edit: After I removed a different face this I was no longer able to duplicate this behavior.
I like to try out different watch faces frequently and but I always find myself going back to this one. It does the job well and looks great on my square display. Sure other watch faces may have more features but I prefer this uncluttered yet unique approach. Anything else can easily be obtained with a few swipes or via cards, alarms and notifications.
A white-background ambient mode would be nice for watches like sw3. Also no way to change the accent colour. Thanks anyway!
Cannot get it on my watch. No help so far.
I love the very sparse ambient face. It makes the battery last longer.
Doesnt work one bit
Doesnt work on g watch
In ambient mode in particular...thanks!
Was good till always on stopped working.. Not acceptable for a paid watchface
I really enjoy using this face. It's well made with beautiful colors and a great design. However, it would be nice if it allowed the date to appear on the face as well.
It has an option to remove logo's name; now it looks more elegant. I love it.
Very easy to apply and extremely pleasing desing. That's all :-)
amazing！
Beautiful!
The best part is how customizable the ambient mode is and it always looks clean. Very unique design that gives a feel of a real modern watch. Also great service when contacting the company.
This watch face is my favorite by far. It makes if far less obvious its a smartwatch while idle and consumes very little juice compared to other watch faces. You can even turn off the logo under settings or change some colors. One feature request: make the fade of the background colors more gradual/feathered, especially for other colors.
Like this watch face but would and will rate five stars if you could possibly put a nice accent day of the month on it.
Very nice. One if my favourites.
Love it and the ambient face is just as cool!
More in this series PLEASE &lt;3
Cool man
5 star easily!!! Only problem that make into 4 star is because why do each time I add a face it adds a extra icon?? It kinda dumb and clutter up my phone I was gonna purchase. Ire face but I saw that it keeps adding icon... why not go through ANDROID Wear app like everyone else??? ... GOOD new though I like the title on face it give the appearance of Molova watch .. MINIMAL but elegant.!!
As another review states... Why put the watch face name on the actual screen?  It ruins the otherwise super clean and elegant look. Besides,  the only person who can read that text is the person wearing the watch and I'm pretty sure they don't need (or care) to see it.  If nothing else,  provide an option to disable/enable it please.
Not sure why you guys feel the need to put the name of the watchface on all your watchfaces. Looks cluttered, obtrusive and takes away from the elegance. Why would anyone want that on there?
I love how it looks on my G Watch R.  Probably one of the best watch face I've seen so far.  Though I love the blue color, it'd be nice if there's also an option to change the color inside?
The screen is hard to see in daylight. There are no adjustments for additional light. Also, it takes too long to respond from ambient setting.
Would be fantastic if the name was taken off.
Oooooooooo yes.  Only one I'd  buy... more to come with comments
Very nice
Awesome & Classy
This watch has many customizations and is very clean looking. It wasn't my taste, but it has a lot to offer for the price from color customization of the background and second to how it displays in ambient mode. You can even remove the Mirage logo if you choose. I would recommend it for anyone who wants a clean face.
I installed 2 times but stops working when i uses this watch face on moto360
Nice simple watchface. But why doeso the app need to run continuously on the phone, even with another face on or Wear disabled?
Looks very nice. Too bad.  (Stock T-mobile Note5 with Tag Heuer Connected.)
Very nice looking watch face.
Unable to get it to work...
I like it's by zsquare
Pretty, but does not have an option for displaying the day of the week AND the date together, which is my preference. Also, does not include an ambient mode, which is a deal breaker for me, so I will not be using this one.
Ok
Wow!!! Selfie on my smart watch. This is great app. I am now able to put my children's photo on watch.thank you.
Gr8 app and nice concept. I can put pictures on my watch from camera as well as from my gallery.
Not functioning at all please help
Awesome app,working perfectly
seems like a good idea but the images never show up on my Moto 360 sport all I get is the generic watch face that comes with the app
Awesome app,loved so many photo effects
Bellow average
This is a good design, I like the interactive weather and showing the two battery levels. Despite the interactive setting being turned off, it still changes the color when I tap at the bottom... It also doesn't obey the option to not show taps... that setting is also off yet I still see the circle where I tap.
This was my go to face, but the recent android wear up date now causes the watch face to momentarily go back one color then reset to the colors I have chosen. Its a small thing but incredibly annoying. Please fix this and I will restore my 5 star review.
Color changes on tap need to have an option to disable. You set a color with no way to save it and then it's gone by an accidental tap. Time in ambient mode falls behind sometime up to three minutes before catching up. It's not worth even being there if the time is incorrect. Only watch face I've ever seen do this.
Really do like this and will be my go-to face. Only criticism is that there needs to be a disable for the touch to change colour and a screen dim setting for ambient mode. If that was implemented then 5 stars for sure.
Looks great but what is this crap with color change on tap? Totally ruins it. Why have a crazy color customizer when you can't even keep it? Would rate 5 otherwise.
My smart watch is the very first one I've owned and I'm glad I found one of many faces for my zen watch. I really like the functionality of this face.it doesn't throttle down my watch when I use it. I'm very happy with it. I hope they keep up the good work because making an app for smart watches or phones even is a hard thing to do. Believe me I've made a few apps myself for personal use designed specifically for my rooted HTC one m8. Keep up the good work and thank you for such a great app for my watch. :)
Good watch face, but when you first turn on your watch screen, the color changes for a second before going to the color you've chosen. Would be 5 stars it not for this annoyance. Also, for some reason it always displays my phone battery as 85%. It never changes
How do you stop the colour change, I stopped the intractive actions. However it still changes colour on tap
I like the look and the option to change some colors on it.  However,  the weather is not correct!!! nor updating!  I tried all 3 providers.  Please fix.
For some reason there is no "disable color change on screen touch" Not sure why but I'm sure it will be added. Rating will change at that time to 5*
Wish they would tell you when u download an app your buying it doesn't work for your phone or gear    Samsung users get watch-master it's unlimited supply of watch faces 6$ is so worth it   and as soon as I get my 99.cents back I'll change my rating to a 5 stars thank you
Drains battery really quickly but love the face hopefully battery improvements follow so I can use it as my daily
Love the face just wish it wouldn't change colors just by tapping on it. Even with the interactive turned off it still changes when tapped.
It is nice app! However, all faces are round would be nice if you add all faces in rectangular or square as my watch is Asus zenwatch2 which is a rectangular in shape!
Disable touch option doesn't work, color still changes unintentionally, would like a full color ambient option also
Please allow us to disable the color change on tap, ruins it for no reason what so ever
Beautiful watchface. Once they update to not change color on tap will change my rating
Any chances that u will add an option for full ambient mode? Not a fan of dim mode :)
Great app with great watch faces and i haven't had the problems the other users have had
But needs full ambient mode
Fully customizable, great for mickey mouse fans.
I found this really drains battery
Looks nice but burns battery fast
Love the watchface but with my lg urbane the app drains the battery down fast!!!
Really loving it, I wish I could save my settings though. Saving presets would be sweet.
I have purchased two or three of these people's watch faces.  They look nice but they all have one issue that really bugs me and the issue is that whenever you lift your wrist to look at the time and the face activates, all of the hands spin all the sudden to set themselves to the correct time.  It looks very tacky and is  irritating and I have not seen any other watch faces from other developers that do this.
Very functional watch face, as always that has come to be expected from his impressive collection. Ambient mode is awesome and still able to deliver the time and all the functions it comes with. Is a must get!! Looks stunning from a lg watch r.
Very nice layout with some nice customisation options
Notification covers the time in ambient mode. Should have options for font sizes, position of battery / time / weather.
I know it's designed for round watches but can you tweak it for square ones too? It looks very nice still.
Really liked it but it didn't look the best on my Asus Zen watch which has a square face
Why you can't also make a square face available I don't know. All that has to be done is to remove the circular border.
On a S7 with an LG Smartwatch R , the face does not appear in the list of selectable faces, please fix and I will purchase again ;-)
Ok, I purchased this... But how to install it.. There is no any info..
Some times the pink route overlaps and shows in the corner but that could be fixed on update. I spent longer looking at it than telling the time.
Thanks for the update but know I can't seem to find the settings to adjust the BOW faces within the Android Wear app. I'll have patience since hopefully it's being worked on now.
Not very cause its stock the pic that use..
Doing nothing to my phone
This is a great app.  I paid for it, not because I cared about changing the position or text color, but because it's worth the price of a ice cream cone, latte, soft drink, etc for the free version.  Would love it if you added ability to:  - change size (time and date independently)  - change font independently for date and time  - change text color independently for date and time(sometimes the image requires separate colors)  - select date format 'July 7' without the the day.   And for a stretch, not sure if it's feasible, but sending multiple watch faces to watch so that you could switch between them at will.  If this isn't possible, would be nice to save them on phone and resend saved ones at will.
App dead? Abandoned? This app has not been updated since July, 2014. It lacks many features that are now more common in other (free) Wear watch faces. Such a shame. It had great potential.
First issue: set it up and looked perfect at the time I put it together. 10:00 comes around and the last 0 falls out of place. Minor as I as able to adjust it, but is hard unless it's currently that time. Second which is why I cannot use it, it was literally skipping minutes which didn't occur on any other watch face. It would stay on one minute for too long then quickzily pass the next one to the proper time.                Edit: apparently it's my watch skipping minutes as I caught it doing on another fac
Opacity was free. New update makes it $1.99. That's a fail. This is a pretty basic watch face man. Not at all worth it when you take away standard features
The advanced features are just not quite good enough to make a difference. A big update would be to change the text colour & also the text size. ALSO WHAT ABOUT THE COLOUR WHEN IN IDLE MODE? ???? PLEASE UPDATE ASAP!
This is great!  Almost full customization of the watch face.  Couple things I'd like is to be able to hide "PM" in 12-hour mode (I know if it's morning or night).  Also I'd like to be able to change the font size along with the font face.  I bought the premium version and it's nice to be able to get everything lined up just right so the time isn't on my kids faces. :-)
Only thing missing right now is the ability to not only move the text around, but resize the characters! Also the ability to add personal text to the screen.
My favorite watch face. Big, clear, informative. Lots of customization. I think 2 dollars is a bit pricey, though, so I'm sticking to the free version.
Purchased the add for colors but won't send the watch faces i create to my g watch. App on my phone says it has been sent but nothing on the watch disappointed
Add text sizing of the different elements, and more fonts, and I'll rate it 5 stars. So simple to use and looks great.
Best watch face for notifications.  Advanced option allowed me to move the date higher so not blocked.  Worth paying for. Perfect!
Fairly easy to use. Glad to be able to customize my android wear. Finally!
Best app for Android wear, worth the upgrade fee!  Keep up the good work
there are better alternatives to this app for free, don't waste your time.
That user can design. Please continue increasing the options!
Great watch face and customizable just what I needed
It is great although the only thing that is annoying is that when I position the time it defaults back to the left align after a while - once this is fixed it will be perfect.
Keep up the great work! Love the updates. Need more 'blocky' fonts that are easier to see in ambient mode.
This was the first app I installed the day I picked up my LG G Watch. I gotta say, great job! And the most recent update makes it even better. Keep up the great work!
LG G Watch, super easy, looks great. You'll want something else if you want custom colors, layouts etc. but this does a great job.
I love the app.  Just a few suggestions having weather and making the notifications smaller like in Stock watchfaces
Does everything I've been looking for, and very easy to use.
Excellent app let's you customise your android wear watch faces
It would be nice if you can control the size also >>
Great app.  Works great. Well done! Would love to be able to save watch faces. Needs smaller fonts options.  Also add the ability to change font colors.
Sending customised watch faces to wear doesn't work. I just get the default one every time.
Love the customization options of the latest update. Being able to move the date up so it doesn't clash with notification cards is great. Thanks dev.
Please make a way to remove the Date and AM/PM - I am a paying customer and would not mind this as a premium feature.
... I would love to change the font size of the time and date and I want to have the possibility to hide the date.
Awesome update. Now I can view time and date while the top card is peeking.
The default Android Wear faces include "Dual clock" and "Text"  which include the date but nothing with  a simple digital display with the date. Also the "Press Start 2P" 8-bit font is cool. Only which there was an option for custom text color so I can make the font green. Still worth a 5/5 though.
The date is in a kind of poor location. It is at the bottom where the most recent notification sits, so it overlaps and looks pretty terrible. Other than that I love the functionality. I like having a picture there and the size of the clockface is great.
The font options are good, and the way images are handled is equally good. It works quickly with little hassle as well. With the ability to move the clock and date position, or to remove the data altogether would be nice to see as well as perhaps a way to show up cards as their smaller form? Not sure how/if that could be done.   Easily the best way to make a watch face right now - perhaps the ONLY way for end users!
I love seeing this designer! Keep up the good work. Missing a star just because when screen dims, I lose the day of the week and the date gets pixelated and wonky.  Any suggestions?
This is a great concept, similar to Canvas that Pebble's have.  One feature I would like to see would be hiding the date when the screen is ambient.  Right now, any notifications are overlapping the date.
Yes! Just what I was waiting for. Options are quite limited but great start to personalisation on wear. I hope for more fonts & the ability to add/remove and adjust size & position of elements. Hopefully these will come in future updates.
Very cool add on to my watch. Just a humble request to the developer: can you display the date bit higher because it is covered by active notifications that pop over it. Also , it would be cool to have a weather display as well.
Amazing
The description in the app shows the fan moving smooth as ice in the background.   On my huawei at anything over 2 it's choppy.  Love it and they got my money but I'm sad about it.
This watch face doesn't work.. will not transfer to watch from phone and no way of getting refund
Works great! Thanks!
Yes yes
Nice
Awesome
Beautiful low power  consumption
I  like it. I just found the setting to keep the screen timeout to 20 seconds.
It's great
Badass
Excellent Customization, Please add display time out, 5,10,15,20,25 sec. Default 5, not long enough for showcasing the watch.
SPAMMERS. DO NOT INSTALL. keep receving notifications to play games. Uninstalled
You need to "SYNC WITH WATCH " to update the changes! Looks great!!
My left wrist looked like crap until I put a watch with this face on it. It's fantastic, and has boosted my self-esteem.
Very beautiful!
Simple, pretty, nice to look at! Just what I wanted!
This is the only watch face I've loved enough to purchase. It's pretty, and it has the date! (Usually you can get one or the other, but not both). I have it set to change hourly which keeps me entertained.
Since the last update, I can't change the ambient display. It's stuck on full.
I'd really like to use 24hr time on the main watch face. Is that possible? I have it on the ambient face.
Love the spring watch faces. It's so fresh looking and has a great clean design. Only thing I'd like, is if we the customer could chose what watch face colour / look we want. I appreciate the thought but it would be nice to have the freedom to choices what watch face we'd like that day. As some of the daily designs on a given day are not to my liking. Many thanks!
I really liked this watch face, so much so that I paid for it, but then it wouldn't change from 24 hr format to 12 hr format, so I got a refund. I really like it though, it's pretty and simple and what I wanted so it made me sad to return it. UPDATED 6/10/15, they let me know that the time format has been updated so I checked it out and it works perfectly now, switches between time formats right away, so I'm happy and changed my rating to 5 stars :)
I have installed, uninstalled, etc., but the face will only show 24 hour time. The set time to 12 hour choice in settings does not respond. Frustrating! Otherwise, lovely.
Absolutely love the spring colors !!! AND to be honest the simplicity of it is awesome. I hate a busy face. Oh and it works awesome with my LG watch
Will not show up as an option to change the face, and the developers will not answer my emails asking for help. Paid for nothing.
I did have an issue with adding my clock face but the team helped me solve it.
This is the only girly settings for my lg watch. I am in love with the daily different themes and colors. Please make another like this one with make-up and purses.
I'm thrilled with the watch face! It makes my watch look more girly and I love how I can customize the ambient mode to prolong my battery life too.
I love it but I'm having trouble switching from the 24hr clock to the 12 hr clock.
Very beautiful faces, one for each day of the week so I won't get bored. Awesome.
This is a joy to have on my Moto 360, and the simplicity of its beauty is the best part!
Finally a beautiful watch face for us girls.  Looks great on my Moto 360.
Can we stop the colors from changing daily?
Patience was key. The settings do change but give it some time
These are the most beautiful spring time watch faces on the app store
So pretty, love it!
Love it!
Love it sooo much.
Fabulous
Beautiful!
The app will not let me change the time from 24hr to 12hr, I followed directions per manufacturer and it would not change. I restart both my watch and phone, and finally I Uninstalled and reinstalled and wouldn't allow me to change the time display. I would like a refund or the problem to be fixed. Will try a different app in the mean time
Not compatible with moto360. No option on watch or on andriod wear app to install.
Minimal, Black and elegante. An amazing classic watch face.
Won't work on my Moto 360 gen 1. :(
Cudnt understand how to do the change on watch (moto 360)
When the battery hits zero it will actually cause the watch to boot loop as it gets just enough power to boot and goes to the watch face, yet the face will cause the battery to drain faster than the charger can charge the battery. A cycle hard to get out of.
Not a bad idea, has some potential but it's too basic for me. No options is a no-no for me
Awesome watch face love the look and everything works great just a little heavy on the watch battery for my taste!
I like it.
very very nice watch face.
Very nice design
Should show notifications on the ambient screen
Nice but seconds are off set..
Love the features and animations but its a big battery drainer on my moto 360 v1..will change to 5 stars if you can get better battery life on it
The dev patched in support for manual toggles of temperature and time formats. That's all I wanted. Changed the rating from 2/5 to 5/5.
Certainly seems to do as it says. A bit basic so far, but then it will be interesting to see what other functions and improvements are added as time goes by.
It's ok weather  is off by 3 degrees and is a battery drainer
Can't change weather unit
Animation is working great now. Thanks!
Looks nice. Just wish the weather part worked.
I like the idea but could we see more animation of weather. Like snow and rain that drops. Clouds that immersive the screen. If it's sunny out it will show a ray of sunshine. Basically you just have moving back grounds. Please add those.
Lame
I'm looking forward to Italian support before purchasing. Please remove the blank space at the bottom on square devices.
My smartphone have android 5.0.2 but when I download the theme I cannot find it in the system wallpaper to apply as a live wallpaper. I also download the theme in my Samsung Galaxy S3 mini that have android 4.1.2 and for my old Samsung worked. I find it instantly in menu.
The settings besides color don't work for my moto 360, andthe top of the screen is cut off, so there's the flat tire on the bottom (due to the watch) and one on the top that shouldn't be there because there's functional screen space
The bats make my day!
I have this on my phone background and am so happy to see it for my watch!
Very nice.
It's not on widget or wallpaper FIX it
I love this watch face, beautifully designed. The only recommendation I would make is to add a step counter.
Any way to change or get rid of the title banner G Watch R? I'm using a Huawei watch...
I need all watchfaces ever made.
Love everything else but the wrong weather. Should use other source like yahoo..
App icon not showing on phone and 'open' button not showing on playstore - the settings are only accessible through the 'android wear' app on phone. Puzzling.
I like the design and functionality. But the only 2 things I would like you to add is: 1. A step counter display. (Enable/Disable in settings). 2. Screen timeout to ambient mode timeout. (Ex. Default, 3 seconds, 5 seconds, 8 seconds, 10 seconds, 15 seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds).  If you are able to add these features I will re-rate as a 5 star app. Thanks, I do like to support developers!
Pls add some color themes. Also noted that when 24h is selected, the dimmed mode remains 12h on the outer ring - pls fix.
Does not seem to be pressent on my device. How do you install this watch face? Couldn't find . Uninstalling . Refunding .
Is there anyway to modify this so that there is no burn in?? It would be nice for there to be ambient mode options where you can disable alot of the options when ambient. Is there anyway to get the file so I can do it? I love your faces but I can't justify buying more without an ambient mode. Just like the seconds counter dissapears during ambient can you make other ones as well? Please let me know if I can help
Issues resolved, thanks for a great watch face and awesome support!
Love the watch face. Only complaint is I cannot get it to work with tilt to wake
Very nice if a bit heavy on battery unfortunately
Excellent watchface. Thanks for the update.
I like to turn the brightness down a bit to prevent the faces from looking cartoonish. This face is wonderfully over-complex. Love it!
If you could add option to choose watch name on face that would be great - moto 360-sent dev email about solution-hoping to resolve-UPDATE-dev refunded quickly & purchased 360 version-thx
This is by far the best watch face out. It looks great and has everything on one screen that you could want
Amazing highly recommended for the LG G Watch R
Love the design and functions provided.
Nice color customizations, easy to read both analog and digital time. Great for a Google developer member and other smart watch users who are a fan of google.
Excellent
This watch face is a great way to show you are a Google Developer Group member.
Absolutely loving the simplicity of the design!
So...cool
Teehee!!!
Easy to read. Plus, I like having battery indicators for both the phone and the watch. Would like to see the hour hand in a different color for quicker recognition.  Edit: upgraded my review to five stars because the watchface modification to allow the user to change the colors of the watch hands.
Crashes with message "Unfortunately, Spiral of Time has stopped."
Installed app & it did not appear
I like the design very much!
Nice face. If the background was black would be perfect.
Doesn't work after purchase, not happy
It's nice, but is it just me or is it smaller on the Huawei watch than in the photos?
Too small on Huawei watch
I get constant crashes after a week of use.
Please add  battery indicators
An awesome interface for an old school feel to my moto 360
Nice watch
elegant watchface
Cool
And they all looked the same. Id like to come back to this one day.
Brilliant concept but font is too small, even the time. Some color names are almost illegible, even when I wear glasses.
Green or teal...so not fun.
What sort of wizardry is this?
Concept is good but font is to small to recognize the time.. Overall is better
Cool.  When can I sey a colour and keep it?
Good
Fails to launch on phone
This one actually worked
But it fails to launch on my watch.
Looks great but the setting crashed. Moto360 MeizuMX5
Nice design, work as what it says, value to money. Keep it up.
there's room for improvement and more features. for example some more coding recipes would help newbies get going with their own design ideas. also making it easier to build your own watchface would be a good road to go. I enjoy the layers type of tools available but some copy pasting between your own designs wouldn't hurt. also making sure that the steps counter shows the same values as Google Fit would create less confusion regarding the sensors accuracy... these are the reasons why I give it 4*... for now
So far, I'm impressed. I just don't understand if all watch faces have (or if we can somehow activate in the app) the burn-in protection for OLED screens. Let me know!
Paid for it, but still wants me to buy watch faces. My watch faces keep changing on their own. Have to hunt down my default choice again. App could be better organised and simpler to use
After paying for the app it wanted me to pay more so I could supposedly get faces.  All the faces cost more money.  I would like a refund.
Now that I have spent a little more time working with the app, I love it. I admit that I got frustrated at first, but a few Google searches and i was able to resolve my issues.  Looking forward to playing with this more.
Worst app ever. Forces you to download some hidden "Samsung Billing" app that constantly gives a pop-up error. Most of the faces are paid items, even after paying for the app.
Good app, everything works as it should.. I don't create any faces this is just easy to import them from the supported links.
Awesome app. I'm 40 and I play with this thing all the time! It even quenches the developer and designer thirsts in it
I love this app! The only thing that would make it better is if it had an option to group items while designing a watchface to allow moving or modding the whole group. Thanks for an otherwise awesome app!
It seems really nice.  Too bad I can't load the watch face that I paid for.
App needs help info. Easy to use after you get it figured out. Where is the manual?
LOADS of faces available from the G+ group, more than you could possibly need. Excellent app and I haven't even tried to make my own face yet.
This works for me insofar as it is allowing me to design my own watch faces, could maybe do with a bit more guidance and help but so far better than the alternatives.
Samsung Gear S3.... Much more stable than Facer. Also seems to load faster.
I love this app. Just made a watch face for each day with my own pictures and customized where I want everything with colors. Gave a 4 because it was a $4 purchase. But pretty much worth it.
This is the best thing ever to release for Android Wear yes it will cost you £3.99 or whatever for the license but so worth it when you can have over 40,000 brands and designs to choose from and even create your own and with the complications API embedded ,must have staple for any Android Wear or Tizen (Samsung Gear Series)
Very easy to use and almost fully customizable!
I've used this application for years. It is great!
Difficult ui to get free faces. They also failed to mention that to get the free faces you have to pay 1.99 for the companion app then 3.99 for the lifetime membership
Charges you for the companion app then again for membership then again for a different set of faces would prefer 1 set price on download not multiple hidden costs that been said it is a decent enough app easy to use and customize
Some nice designs are available if you buy premium.  Now I need to start designing my own watch faces.
I want to know that I just purchased a pack of premium but unable to install that 290 Rs pack, kindly check it asap
Takes a while to get a hang of but the payoff is worth it
Very handy application
Great app for my Samsung Gear S2
Premium license doesn't worth. The paid still paid.
It's alright
Nice application and watch faces
Nice app helps me to get lots of watch faces
Great app for changing the watch face on my Moto 360 watch
Geest selection of watch faces that can be customized
World's ultimate watch faces  ever.
Just what I was looking for top job
Easy to use. Great selection of watchfaces.
Plenty of great watch faces
Some app's  it up to par..
Eh
Very good
Brilliant ap
Great app
What a fun way to check time
The quote changes each time I tap my watch. I would love it if the quote can stay on the watch face a little longer so we read it. Maybe add or change the quote every hour. Like it but it need little work.
Lovely clean look and I love the concept, unfortunately though the digital face positions the time so that it's unreadable if there's a notification on screen (making it useless when music is playing!)It would be nice to be able to configure the quote refresh time in settings too. Will keep an eye on this face though as I do really like the design :)
It doesn't have the date, although the description says it has date on/off customization.
It needs a bit of tweaking which includes the date
Perfect.  Many of the quotes are favorites of mine.  Thanks devs!
I don't know if this an issue with Social Diabetes, or with Librelink, but so far I've not been able to see my Libre data in this app. I've double-checked the login details, unlinked and relinked my Libreview  account, and then waited several days to see if it just appeared. Nothing yet...
It used to be the best app for diabetes logging and control. But now it crashes all the time. Even the development team gave up on fixing it. Now I am giving up on this app :(
It's a logging app. Only a couple of meters which I've never seen are listed on the Connections page. The Freestyle Libre isn't although it says it is reading it, nothing shows up.  Otherwise there's a UK food database (in Spanish) of carbohydrate, and a simple calculator.   There doesnt appear to be a way of getting reports out of it. Given the Libre app does the basics better, Im not sure what the purpose of the app is. There are lots of useful things it could do to improve diabetes care; just that logging isnt one of them.
Good way to talk with friends!
Can't get my readings into the app :-(
Just entered a bunch of my data and noticed that there is no FASTING category and also the Nightly Testing (before bed) is not showing on the reports.  I looked at the same data online and it does not match up - Nightly Testing is showing as before Breakfast which is not true.
I been type1 for 5 months this helps must use people with type 1
The best app for monitoring your diabetes. At first you have to provide some info, but then using it is extremely simple. Congrats to the developer.
There's an option to view at least 3 months in the See Entries section. At the moment you can only view a max of one week, which is too short. I like the integrated and comprehensive food and carb search.
I've been using this app for two years and it's great. I keep a precise track of my diabetes
Thanks for the quick fix great job 5*☺
I like this app because it's really been a great help with keeping me on track and disciplined in tracking my numbers. Makes managing my diabetes a lot less stressful
I love this app. Easy to use. I like the fact I can keep track of my sugars with just a click. I can also send my reading to my Doc so without having an appointment we can make adjustments.
Fantastic app for monitoring your diabetes it is so easy to keep track of glucose levels, carbs and insulin.
You would get 5 stars of you as the capability to import from Accu Check
Very nice application and helped me alot in control of blood sugar
Excellent app. Really helps me manage my diabetes well.
Fantastic app!
I tried 6 different apps simultaneously for 2 weeks. My only criteria was that it should sync the information with the cloud so I could also use a browser in my computer or sync the data with a new smartphone/OS when I change my current one. This one beat the other ones easily, and the only other one that looked as good as this one had almost twice the annual price for the pro version so this one won easily. Keep the good work Social Diabetes!
These App. is perfect to keep you informed about your highs and low.
I love this app, would reccomend to any diabetic. Easy to use and its good with advice on carbs and insulin. Graphs are very useful.
To view the PDF graphs, you need at least one week's worth of data, per the author. Response was prompt. Your doctor will be pleased with the reports.
When an app goes so far that it makes my life even better than it was before, then one cannot rate it lower than 5. Even though there are some stuff you guys have to work on, but I think you already know it. I hope this app will be here forever, because I feel alot better already with this app. Thank you alot for helping me through my day. I love you guys!
Great app but sometimes changes after breakfast for after or before snack?
Makes tracking and management so easy! Very easy to use too
You should sort glucose values before showing it (daily glucose chart). Otherwise values on x-axis are not monotonicaly increasing. To reproduce: add values for today, then add values for yesterday. Add another value for today. See the chart. 2. It will be great if dots are connected by line on glucose chart.
While the app isn't particularly pretty or intuitive initially, it is packed with features and is a brilliant way of monitoring your diabetes once you get the hang of it.
Very useful application
Its working well I love it
Best in class
Grateful for application
Easy to input data and keep track of your sugars. But I don't like the pop-up alert every time I want to exit the app. It sucks my battery FAST if I don't exit each time. I also hate the new trend alerts. Very annoying and there's no way to disable them in the current version. Uninstalling for now..
I really like this app. Just having it on my phone and tablet makes me more aware causing me to remember to test. I also find myself doing a better job of really paying attention to my carb intake.  The only addition I would like to see is a check off or editable permanent space for oral meds. Many diabetics take other medications and it would serve to remind one to also take those meds. The new timer is GREAT. Reminds me to check again following a low glucose. I've recommended this app to friends as well as my health provider and the Diabetes team at Kaiser. Thanks for writing it!
I'm getting my diabetes under control with this
It's a very easy to use application. It would be nice to be able to edit entries.
Well designed..Excellent program!
Like it its intersting
Can't understand the social aspect, though! I'll try to update/upgrade in the next few months
Easy diabetes management.
Better than others
Nice looking watch face on my LG watch R. Still has a few issues such as the tide heights are off by a consistent 0.2m (too low) vs other tide sources. Tide times seem to be consistent.   Wind speeds don't work, never shows more than 3knots.  Swell heights seem reasonable vs other data sources and what I have observed.  I'm using it for locations in Western Australia.  I would like to see the date & day squeezed on to the face somewhere to make it more general purpose.
Works well for a while with my moto 360 (5.1.1) and moto x (kit-kat). But now, like other reports, doesn't update. Would love to see mph on wind, even after setting it on phone. Website should provide detailed description of the watch face items. A few items don't make sense. With it not updating  I'm Uninstalling. Pity.
It actually Works now so that's a start. It would be nice to have different spots available on one watchface and more settings on the appearance. Also the way all the the surf locations are listed just doesn't make sense they are in alphabetical order rather than by location from North to south.
Good start for sure, would be nice if quick press went to a sport report view. Numbers are far too small to read without my glasses so i cant use it in the water, same problem i have with the mission app on nixon mission.
I love this watch face. In fact, I have solely used this watch face for two months. However it is EXTREMELY buggy when trying to set spots. You will try and set a new spot on the face and the words will start flashing and render the app useless. It's extremely annoying and I wish surfline would push some kind of fix.
On Moto 360 2nd gen when selecting the watch face it crashes immediately "Unfortunately Surfline has stopped". Only 3 spots in Finland. Would be nice to include all Windguru spots!
Very good in my opinion. All the issues have been fixed. A bit crowded-looking on the watch, but it has to be to include all the data. Nice design.
Needs to update more often. Unreliable information still need to confirm the data with your phone to make sure it's updated. It would be cool to have the name of the surf spot on the watch face and last time it updated.
I sail and this app is great for quick access to wind speed direction and tidal flow. However I would love if they had more locations. I sail on the Hudson River near manhattan and that isn't included in the list of places. More spots would be a great improvement. Sailors can go anywhere
I love this concept! However it would be great to be able to turn off certain things that don't work. Like the wind speed. I'd love to see 3 tiny icons showing the next few days weather. The date would be nice. It has potential!
Cool idea and nice layout but needs work on maintaining consistency with the current conditions and then pushing updates from phone to watch in a timely manner. Fix this to get a 4-5 star app.
The day/date would be nice, but this really just needs consistent automatic updating of the data. I'd happily pay for this if it worked properly.
Can't set on gear s2
Slow, unresponsive and metric units dont work.
Sfortunatamente la spiaggia di sant'Agostino a Gaeta (ita) non funziona,  perciò inutile...  Spero che in futuro sia risolto il problema
No problem
face constantly crashes until the watch selects another default. was really looking forward t this  :(
Any chance of adding automatic changes to nearest surf spot to current location using phone GPS?
The thing is we have to be patient, the list of all the spots is taking very long to load ! ;)
It took a little bit too long to find available spots, but then worked like a charm! Would be cool to have some more customization options.
How do I get the black watch face on the moto360?  updates do seem a little unreliable.
Nice looking face with lots of potential but Not what I'm looking for...my location is not available, tide times not available and data displayed is not accurate. Needs more locations, tide times and predictions to be usable.
Fixed the not being able to choose location but finally, good face for the beach!
Crashes as soon as I set it to the active watch face.
Watch face updates now. This is my go to face.
After uninstalling it and reinstalling it, it works fine.  Wish it gave the times for the upcoming high and low tides.
Pretty good except it has no beaches in Valdez, Whittier, Seward, or Anchorage.
Agreed with Pete. Black face on Moto 360 please.
One of the cooler watch faces
Fails to load location so nothing more than a watch face at the moment with what seems to be unchanging data!
Cool watch face but drains my battery. Still unusable. Maybe add a setting for how often it updates
Watch always shows the same data. Also a little hard to read with the hands of the watch covering some of the stuff.
Just get unable to load on watchface with ok button to press. Uninstalling useless app
No matter what breach I select it crashes on my moto 360.
Did not work for soo long, playing with settings and was finally able to get the watch face set
Crashes every time
A great watchface.  Only two issues (on moto360, 5.0.1): 1. No way to change between metric and imperial units 2. Beaches that I have tried (e.g., Bondi in Sydney, Australia) won't display wind speeds or direction, despite that data being available on the surfline website.  In its current state it is still very nice.
This still deserves 5-stars but its not woking for me right now. Moto 360 and Android 5.0.2. I'm a long boarder and tech need in SoCal. Would love to have the Surfline data I love (and pay for) on my wearable. Please keep working on it...if you actually are :-/ Thanks brah.
This is the only tide/surf  watchface I've seen for the LG Smartwatch R. I live on the island of O'ahu in Hawai'i, and would love this for fishing and surfing. Fingers crossed for the next update.
Downloaded the app and it won't retrieve any data. All my other apps are working fine, I'm connected to strong WiFi. Confirmed that the issue repeats on my friends phone
The same as my other review really. A beautiful piece of art. Would just love to be able to change the ambient screen though.
I just don't like it , and I would like a refund there isn't an option for refund!
Simply awesome
Looks great but needs 12 hour option. EDIT : Quick response from the dev with added 12hour support. Awesome watch face
How do you enable 12 hour mode?
Very cool and unique watch face. Very minimal design but very easy on the eyes. Just wish it had weather and phone battery level and lose the step counter. Maybe add the option to add those read outs or remove them. Overall nice face! 👍
Very cool and functional..thanks
Colors look awesome on my watch.
Too many watch faces around are safe and boring, they lack originality.  Not Radar.  This is a face you want in your collection.
This is only watchface that won't show weather app .Worked at first then stopped just can't figer it out.
With tons of options, I gat you under my radar...
Great looking face from one of my favorite designers. This guy's is always on point with his stuff.
Always great work from this guy.
A lot of choices.
There are way better ones

Appears to be weighted towards heads. Have emailed developer, no reply.
thanks dev.. cool and needed details.. nice...could do with screen time out setting maybe
Installed does not work
I love the app very simple and easy to use. Wish it had an ambient mode though for the watch and the picture would change when you activated the screen on the watch.
Simple but great
Awesome
I love the concept of this but would it be possible to add some settings like change the language to English and use 12 hour rather than 24 hour? Add those settings and it is 5 stars....I mean when choosing the the pics and stuff, the language for add or delete pictures to be in English. I mean, we can figure it out but maybe an option for changing language there..yeah setting it as the default would be awesome and my phone is set for English US
This watch face has so much potential. There just needs to be an option for 12 or 24 hour clock and the ability to to move the clock and change its size. Please don't forget this application!
Ofrece lo que estaba buscando para mi smart watch.
What can I say about this,  nothing good.  Watch face doesn't even come close to lining up properly on moto 360. Battery drain.  Definitely need to go back to the drawing board on this one.
Like the Gold -Dark contrast..definitely recommend
the face is in the middle of my watch doesn't line  up. Cannot read the 4 to the 8 o'clock.....
Starts half way down the watch screen
Please add date
Doesn't fit perfectly the GWR because the watch itself already has a thick bezel. Very well made and classy though
cant install
Purchased this a wile ago when I had my older not so nice not 360 with no features and terrible screen resolution and it worked fine now that I have a much nicer newer lg urbane 2nd edition that is superior to the Moto 360 in every way I cannot change any settings on this watch face same issue that other user had unable to change any settings very frustrating because I love the look of this watch face
No matter what I do to change look of face, nothing happens on Tag Heuer watch.
My watch face does not look like depicted. The gears don't show around bezel. Only at the top. I want the one shown. Help please
Smart watch
Very nice faces that are customizable.  Face is very busy until you get used to it. All in all a very nice watch face.
Fantastic live watch face for the Moto 360.
Fantastic face. Looks great on my watch!
Love it
Love the look and customization.
I was pleased with the design of the watchface, but on a moto 360, it causes the battery to drain significantly
Truly beautiful and clean implementation. Always love the level of customization. Scoon is the best watch crafter in the Play Store.
Whoa...I wanted to customize it to one of the dark minimalist views. I changed the settings, but the watch face kept crashing on my Smartwatch 3. Tried restarting and starting over a few times before refunding. Just kept crashing and reverting to default everything. Was burning through battery as I tried to change the settings on phone or watch, watch started to get warm.
I purchased this watch face and I couldn't change a thing except colors.  Really dissapointing and its full of glitches.  Not compatible with the Huawei watch
Very nice watch face the only complaint is battery drain is high with this watch face for some reason.
My phone time is correct and the watch is always wrong (yes, I confirmed I'm trading it correctly). Sorry, uninstalling.
Looks better than all the other ones, just two options away from being perfect. Would love of we had the option to change from 24 to 12 hour display, and the option to disable the seconds columns, great work on the app!
Only problem, if i change the mode ( hor/ver) it doesnt change instantly
Works well thanks. Maybe add some more customisations, dot size, spacing ,etc.
How do you change the time? It keeps showing the wrong time.
Just what I wanted. Please make options for dimmed screen so the time etc doesn't show.
I love it!
I dont even know how to open it, if any of you know how to open it, tell me
I love it but it needs the Google between am/pm and 24h I would rate 5 star if it is available for free that option
Great watch face.  I forgot you had to open the companion app in the Android wear app.
Much more customizability and looks better.
Cool
really nice watch but the battery of the phone showing incorrectly
After sitting on this app for a few days it decided to work. The one major issue now that I can actually use the app is it resizes pictures into squares distorting faces and the like. Also, load times are very long, which is probably why I thought the app was nonfunctional at first. Fix these two problems and you'll have five stars. I have an HTC One M7 phone for the record.
It really works even when it does it gets stuck
Shows nothing but a black screen.
Sucks
doesn't work. Screen goes black. no options on p hone to sync photos or anytype of setup menu.
I requested a refund within 2 minutes of buying this and finding it only worked once and none of the features such as tap to zoom, and scroll worked on the LG g watch.  No refund given and stuck with an app that doesn't work at ALL. Just shows a blank screen now...
Wasn't showing up in app list at first but now is.
great watch face but long press to customize on Nixon the mission smartwatch is not working :(  I'm stuck with just one theme.
As a fan I appreciate the simple watch face. Thank you.
I upgraded and paid for the pro, but thru Android wear it kept asking me to upgrade.  I restarted my LG and still the same error.  Refund!!!
I would be happy if I could have full time ambiant mode but also a little brighter... Shoot wait.. I did find that.. 5 stars!
Paid for the watch face and it worked beautifully until I switched from and back to  the face. Now it no longer syncs and surprise surprise, there's a new version of the face (that I would have to pay for). For shame!
The ability to customize it with different colors for my outfits. Fix that and you get 5 *
👌👌👌
Okay, so I don't need to know the wind speed and really don't care if the moon or Sun will come up or not. Everything including temperature, humidity, it's very easy to tell what your battery level is in the phone and on the watch. I was a bit disappointed when clouds showed up on my watch but it was a clear sky. Somehow that changed and now it's correct. It does suck up some battery,  Outstanding!  Ok one small con. Uses 9% battery while idle. I have to charge daily instead of every two days
The only thing I would like is a feels like temperature instead of the actual temperature. Please include this if possible.
It's always running in the background even if it's not chosen. Task manager can't stop it either, done a full reset and it's the first and top app running still. Kills battery, I'm done with it. More cash down the drain due to Google's 15 minute rule.
Nice to find lots of info on android wear.The only thing I missed from my pebble.Thanks.
Worth the price! Makes the wear experience much better with a very nice watch face.
Nice set of options. Love how you can change the dimmed screen color.
As above!
Nice watch. Color options seem quite standard so please add some
Awesome!
Cool apps
Not as clear and easy to see/read as my favorite from this dev, the F04 face. Hands are too hard to distinguish from the rest in ambient mode.
Stays running in the background doing god knows what, eats battery even when not in use other than that not a bad watch face.
Fijn dat er eindelijk een Nederlandse versie van deze watchface is. Zal wel mooi zijn als de achtergrond van de actieve status aan te passen is. Zou het blauwe graag zwart kunnen maken. Verder helemaal top!
A really nice looking watch face, but sadly the resolution is low, making the whole think look slightly blurry. The ambient display is also painfully bland with no option to display anything other than the basic hands. Instantly uninstalled.
Hi I got this watch face because in my opinion it's the most coolest looking one. Would rate it 5 but problem I have is that the 9 and 6 and 7 look strange. Is it possible to fix that please?
It would be great if it didn't show up in my phones app drawer. And the time gets covered by notification cards, cancelling. the convenience of smart watch.  Love it to pieces otherwise.
Finally fixed it no thanks to the developer
Won't show up in my watch faces
Coolest watch face
The design is very nice and ambient mode works a treat, however the card previews are too large and block the time. It needs an option to use the smaller card previews, otherwise it's a bit useless. I know the dev is responsive, so I hope they take this on board. EDIT: The lack of response from developer has forced me to change my review. Watch face is useless if cards cover the time.
Great watch face and great developer. Helped me get it working correctly for my Asus Zenwatch! It would be nice to have the notifications be short cards instead of taking up a good chunk of the screen (e.g. music player when listening to music on my phone interferes with the time). But still great watch face!
Nice watchface. I have a lg g watch and I have no benefit from a black and white dimmed screen. Could you please provide a setting toggle to make dimmed mode full color? I want a colorful display all the time.
Zero features other than a simple background to the clock. Don't waste your money.
Just wish it had date, missed calls, messages, steps, weather, battery meter, calories burned. It only shows time :-(
I bought this and waited a couple of days for it to show up on my watch but it never did, please respond because the watch face looks dope and I'd appreciate a reply
Looks wonderful on my LG G watch! Please add more sticker bomb backgrounds! ☺
Never got a response. Attempted refund as soon as I realized how big the cards were.
Looks great. Works nicely on my moto 360 (2nd gen)
Add date pls!
Gorgeous and artistic. The colors truly pop!
Card previews block half of the time. It would look nice if it moved up when a card preview is shown. FORM is one watchface I know that does this.
Awesome watch face. I had an issue and emailed the designer and it was fixed within 24 hours. My watch just got that little bit cooler! Thank you
Does work on the Moto 360 got it to show after a reboot but it just kept crashing.
Nice looking but only has date as an option.
Would  pay if the thing would  work like it's supposed  to. ..weather is why I wanted this cool watch face...and it's not updating on watch and not showing full weather details. ..like I said I'd pay but not I'f it's not going to work. ..thank you
For some reason my phone battery levels are not being updated
Like the simple it has and its clear view as well
Nice design and not buggy. I'd prefer the date (day) box in line with the 15 mins point, though. Nice to have complications option, too.
Great face, very reminiscent of Mondaine watches. The only request I would have is to have a dark option for the active face
My daughter loved it for her watch great app
great app
The artwork is adorable and the clock works perfectly. I prefer circle and auto change designs, but you can pick square or to select your fave design only.
Aku suka app ini. Widget jamnya lucu dan gampang disetting juga. Aku bisa milih bentuk jamnya, lingkaran atau persegi. Selain itu juga, gambar latarnya bisa kita ganti sesuai keinginan kita atau dibiarin acak. Coba download deh. Appnya enteng kok.
Carla and Schnuu are adorable. I am always curious to see what they are upto next.
AWESOME APPS! I love it it loads quick and apps is fast
Very nice and good app for kid
Really good art work
Love it But is there a way to change it so that it doesn't say ridiculous things like "twenty nine to seven"? That's just not an intuitive way to tell time. It IS beautiful though!
I gotta say this watch app is great. My daughter loves it so much. When I decided to buy an Android watch for her I was a little worried about there might be little apps for kids but this one really suits her well. The timeface is so cute.
Good app! This application is very interesting and wonderful. It helped me to change the look of the clock on my phone. After installing this app, I can select multiple interfaces cute clock to display. The application is easy to use. I like it.
This is a great clock widget to download. The images change throughout the day and the artwork is really fun and also well designed. The widget is easy to use and a great alternate to the default clock.
Utility applications! This is a very interesting application. Nice interface and very cute. It works very stable on me.I phone very happy about it. Thank house application development.
Adorable clock app! The chibi images are very colorful and cheerful, and the installation process of the app was very simple. Love it!
This app is very useful for me. My phone looks more beautiful with it. Thank you, devs!
This is a very good application that I 've used. Nice interface and very cute. I am very happy to have it. Thanks!
great app. Convenient application. Such applications should be manufactured more. Hope such applications will reach more consumers. Thank Manufacturers.
This app is well-designed and so nice. I will recommend it to my family. Amazing app!
This is a funny widget on my homescreen. I like it. You should try it
It's a must have home screens widgets. You will need this.
This app is interesting and very useful. I really like it. Thank you, devs!
A must get This is an awesome app. I always use this Textual Watch Face.
My phone looks more beautiful now. Thank you for the free application.
This good for little carla
I love these cartoon characters! Thank you for the beautiful widget.
Thank you. It works very well.
Different widgets in different times. It looks good.
User friendly and never crashes.
It's an excellent app. Excellent work by the team.
It's a nice application. I love it.
Ok
Thanks
Boring
Nice
Good
This developer always has high quality wallpapers!  I cant stop looking at my moto 360 now!
This developer always has high quality wallpapers!  I cant stop looking at my moto 360 now!
Like Andreas Schossers other apps, this one is simply amazing as well. The art work for the faces of the clock are one that any one with a love of japanese art, manga or anime will love. They are so cute and the different pictures only make it better. Get this and you will not regret it!
Cant think anything without this app.I havent changed this even 2 months have passed since i set it for the first time
Love this watch face , cheers dev  :)  works a treat on my lg G watch R  . These smart watches need more of these 3d themes , they look great..
More watch face please
Woaaahhhh...Cool.
Cool design...
Cool!
Nice one... !!!
InAnT you nailed it.
Nice design.
Cool app.  I've had out less than an hour so we'll see if it affects battery life or has any other issues.  This really needs a widget though.  Too tedious to check quickly.  Gear 4 coming so now is the perfect time to get that widget happening!
It's not accurate at all. I cross referenced with other sites and for example it said low tide on 01/16/18 was 1:40pm. But it really was 1:08 pm. I went in and selected beaches listed near here and none were close.
Useless  apk ! Tide at the time does not indicate. You have to Guess actual tide from the tiny graph line.  Ask refund few hours after  purchase but they don't !
I'd like to see times in 24 hour format. Otherwise a great little app and accurate for my needs
How can I switch from 24hr time to 12hr time on the main watch face?
Pretty good,  Love the android wear app,   requested Feature: Auto-detect the closest location based on the phone's location.
Worked on watch for a while, then stopped.
Great app , would love it more if it came as a widget for my samsung gear s3
Great apps I dnt need to open tide tables. I just look on my gear S3. Developer updated my requested tide area in a month. Very useful on our ferry route.
Good app but coud'nt see ningbo & deep water port (yangshan) in China East Coast.
Love the Gear S2 integration unlike most apps. One gripe, I wish it could determine location on its own. The basis of the app is written. Some UI improvements with better functionality and you've got a killer app.
Works as stated. maps are NOT discontinued, locations and information are accurate. Android Wear app works great on Moto 360 Sport, and even includes a Watch Face with tides and digital clock.
This Tide Software ONLY predicts for 7 days.  AWFUL, HOW IS ANYONE GOING TO PLAN ANYTHING USING THIS AWFUL PROGRAM.  AND I HAVE TO PAY FOR THIS AWFUL PROGRAM
Tide heights for Saint John NB Canada are not correct.
Very limited information. Cursor would be helpful to determine level/time with actual values.
Should be able to determine your location to find the right tide
It works as advertised. No false statements. It's a quick view of upcoming tides in a visual 'Wave ' format. I'd like to see actual data values displayed with the visual effects. Price is a bit high for what it has to offer.
Your watch will be out of juice within one hour using this app. Absolute terrible app!
The map doesn't work, says the service has been discontinued.
Easy on battery life...I wish for more color options like orange & yellow
A nice analogue face with digital time, date, battery, and card previews.
only has settings for color...
Just switched from G Watch to the G Watch R and i have to say temporary burn in was an issue with stock watch faces. Switched to this watch face and never switched to others. Perhaps on the next update, the size of the analogue line to be different when on and ambient mode? Thicker when on and thin on ambient would be useful
Downloaded but could never find the face. EDIT: I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and now it works fine. Just the watch face I wanted
One of the best minimalist watch faces to have.
Great and simple watch face that does not drain any extra battery, though I don't have weather enabled. Edit: moto 360 compatibility is working now and looks great!
The added numbers on the side are great!
Simple
Really nice looking watch face. Would love a weather option - I know you're adding a settings page soon so I'm sure its coming!
I like the digital and classical watch face combination!
Nice clean watch face. Request the "date"  be cleaned up a little. A little hard to see!
Perfect Color combination and variability (Y)
Could be better
Good night
This app does nothing. No widget... Has settings you can set, though. Edit: OK I see now that I need to buy a device to wear on my wrist and that's what this is all about.
Does not drain battery, I can get upto three days on my LG R
Amankhan khan
Classicko
Fantastic, tovarich!
supper
Its good

Nice
Nice
The date is not showing in the right place, not centered but showing in top left quarter of the small dail. LG Urbane 2nd ed. (7892). Otherwise this is my fav watchface. Thanks
Downloaded and installed twice. Actually waited overnight the second time, but it never synced to my watch. LG G Watch.

Colourcambinectionisgood
Best
App keept crashing sorry no good

Beautiful, but not on a square watch. Also, the sleep screen is almost unreadable and very unattractive.
At first sight it's beautiful but shortly u understand it is fake!
Interesting, vintage look.
Looks very real
I would love to see you give us the ability to change specific things in the settings for these faces. For example, changing the date format to the day followed by the month, a smooth second hand vs. the ticking second hand, and letting us create our own watch faces - borrowing certain aspects from other faces, and even creating our own patriotic faces with different templates.
Cool, good looking watch faces. Works with Huawei Watch 2.
Does not work with Samsung S3
Does not seem to work with the Samsung Gear S2 Classic
Please allow those with Samsung Gear to get these........
A good start!  The faces look and work great.  I would like to be able to read the date instead of having it under the card preview though.
Why isn't USAA advertising this app.
No support for Samsung gear s
Hi MG Coolness!
I love you. USA
Disappointed. App installs on watch but for my life cannot open it on phone to manage images. Shows up with other apps in my system, but doesn't show up with my main apps. I don't think it installs properly.
App only appears in Google "my apps", not on my phone, so no way to open it. Even under the Google "my apps" there is no "open" button, so absolutely useless to install if I can't open it to use it.
Best one so far. Only "issue" is the hour of 12 does not show when on 12hr format. Shows "00". Can that be fixed?
Crashes when I select an image
Let's me select a picture from my  gallery but it doesn't appear on my Huawei watch. Sort this and it'll  be awesome..
App crashes on photo selection.
Love it! Just what I wanted! Nice and simple with a lot of customization options.
This is one of the best watch faces I have found.
Best watch face with the most customization
Needs refining
Super watchface, beaucoup d'options pour personnaliser à son goût !
I can't install this app. Unable to get the widget.
Edit: I stand corrected. Beautiful and unique, if not overly intuitive in the beginning 😁 Recommended!
This watch face contains so much awesome it got me pregnant the first time i put it on my wrist, no word of a lie.  Ps. Please add more themes, especially darker ones for those of us with oleds, also a left handed version so the faces roates in a circle the other way.
Very unique watch face. Needs some more customization options and complications. Other than that, perfect!
Superb minimalist face. My go to watch choice now
Permissions are out of control. Get rid of the spyware permissions for a higher rating. Only a stupid person would install this app.
Terrible watch face, not worth 10 percent of it's horrendously high price.
I restarted and everything. I will update my review when it works
Tried to restart, nothing happens.
How can you give a low review without actually seeing it,  great work.
Thanks for the dope work wayne!
Free watch wace. And it's the best face I can find. Functional, customizable, elegant and most importantly of all: IT LOOKS LIKE A WATCH!
Good
But...I know for a fact that it drains the battery pretty fast.  Used to drain about 3% per hour...now its between 8 - 10% per hour.  Please fix as this is one watch face that old like to have a my main go to face
I was planning on sticking with Motorola's "Minimal" watchface - until I saw this. My only request is that the seconds hand wasn't visible in dimmed mode - UPDATE: added by developer!
If you are using the moto 360 it doesn't get cut off at the bottom which is absolutely great. Although some customization would be great! Also, and update for 5.0 features would be a good addition.
Wonderful watch face! My favorite!
Wish there's a square version.
Awesome watch face! I would love to be able to customize colors though!
One of my everyday faces, great
Looks great on device.
One of my faces!
Love the simple yet beautiful design, the clarity, exact display and the nice nifty date display! Gorgeous. And now even talking my flat tire into account 😀
Love the look and even looks good on the stainless steel version of the moto 360!
Simple and useful. Till..
This is by far one of my favorite watch faces. I've been using it for the last couple months and have had no problems with it.
The weather circle just says "no data".. Send a fix or help me fix the weather circle
Been using the original since my first smartphone a few years ago.  One of my all time favs, had to buy the new one.  Loving it!  Great upgrade to the original, without adding fluff.  Best live wallpaper ever!!   Edit:  Holy crap, now it's on my watch too???  Looks great!  Only suggestion is green text for time (better for amoled screens)
?!?!? We will See.!?? I'm sorry., Dev, I've tried each app, the original fee one..  And now this one.! I am not seeing what is supposed to be so great here.??! I find both apps very plain and boring, with no options, colors, or anything else.! But just my opinion and taste.! We all have our own likes and dislikes, that is why we are our own person and why we leave comments.!  (; Happy "Near" New Year to Everyone and I wish you all the best with your apps Dev, no matter my opinion.!! (: 💖
Disappointed - I regret this purchase. On my Note 5, I get a 1" square flashing in the upper left corner of my screen when Colored Stars is turned on. Also, the screensaver is a displayed option but won't work at all on my phone. I was REALLY looking forward to that since I really enjoy gazing at an endless starfield when listening to meditation tracks, books or just trying to ignore people. If these gliches are corrected, I will promptly update my review since a quality product deserves to be praised accordingly.
Why take away the reverse function in the paid version?  And, would be great to add a control for viewing angle...to change direction of stars...because I dont use multiple home screen views but love the angle view.  Just a suggestion.  But reverse was too cool to remove - hoping you add it back.
5 stars if it let's me choose custom image for background.  The images available are not that great to down right annoying.
Wish I could shorten the trails up a bit; they aren't tied to speed, so at slower speeds they're too long.  Other than that, this is great.
I've wanted a wallpaper like this for several years.  I've always liked the "warp" effect from Star Trek.  This is a nice, basic wallpaper that shows stars whizzing by.  You can add color to enhance the warp effect.  The graphics seem old because the stars are very, very small on my Note 5.  The optional background graphics don't really add anything.  Still, it's well worth the cost for an ad free wallpaper.
That awesome feeling when something so simple is so beautiful, glad you're not forgetting about the wallpaper and still updating :)      request: can you add an option to insert user images in the wallpaper besides the already ones available? Either way I still love it.
Does what I want it too. Its simple and without all the fancy stuff that slows your phone. Closest i can get to the windows screensavers with a few bonuses.  Way cool.
Using this for over 8 years now, this is the only thing I ensure is downloaded on my new device. Perhaps it's time to add some more customisations like star color?
Having tried several others, this is easily the best starfield live wallpaper I've run across by far! Well worth the purchase price and doesn't touch my battery... Awesome!
Been using this bad boy for years.
Starfield 1 and 2 are the best live wallpapers for both coolness and battery life if on a budget go for the first one free the best part of the second one is the dynamic stars or nebula backgrounds I bought 2 to support the dev this only wallpaper I used since I got my phone Samsung galaxy s 2. Now use on both my galaxy tab 4 and galaxy s7. Still great
Great simple wallpaper. Worth the money. However, I can't set it as the lock screen wallpaper anymore after I upgraded my Galaxy S7 to Android 7.
It's 2016 the year of Chromatic Aberration and I'm some sort of hipster snob. The implementation of multicolor tearing here in v2 looks a bit goofy :/   Still, worth paying just for the value I've had out of v1 ;)
Generic stars rendered flawlessly, and it  looks incredible on my amoled screen. Theres enough options to get what you want, and even one to center the stars with the Google Now launcher; that's a big plus for me.
This app keeps crashing and stopping working on both the payed and free versions and it doesn't seem to be very well maintained
Works great except 20% of the time the upper right corner will display some sort of anomaly.
I keep coming back for more! Really, on *Every* android device I've had, this is my wallpaper! Fantastic job, keep it up!
Cool app, imagine it ..
A simple and elegant live wallpaper with a few features inside the settings menu.
My number one wallpaper!
Add reverse to star direction.
I have been looking 4 this array of stars 4 sometime...it's perfect 4 me!!!
Simple,  elegant,  and awesome. Best live wallpaper there is.
Quite entertaining. And a gud look for my phone
Clean, clear, beautiful depiction of moving through space!
Yeah ! warp !
Still using this background years later! Love it!
It works, doesn't kill the battery, and looks good...
I love the effect of the stars
My favorite Live Wallpaper!
Pretty Cool!
Simple and beautiful
Nice touch
Love it.
I love it.
Nice!
Awesome!
Luv it
I love this face. The green looks fantastic with the black edge of my g watch r. The only thing missing is a battery percentage indicator. As it is, I can swipe down to view the battery, but it would be nice to just have it on the watch face. This is all that separates it from 5 stars for me
Update: sorry that by no response i meant that when you emailed me and i wrote back, that had no response. And as for refunding. I tried to reinstall it giving you the benefit of the doubt. This apparently hinders refunds. As the product supplier you should vaguely specify what won't work. The gear watch line of devices are for Androids and wearable. But for 1.83$ you argue.WEEKS LATER  NOOO RESPONSE  NOO REFUND! !  DO NOT BUY   I paid for it, it won't install. And I can't refund it (minutes after buying).
The scanning looks incredible and adds a very nice aesthetic touch on my G Watch. The settings are very nice and faithful to the Fallout games (color options being the same from games, etc.) and the fonts are all correct, making it a truly beautiful watch face well worth the price of any fan of the series.
I love this watchface! Simple yet immersive enough to fit right in with any fallout fans fandom. Maybe think about adding some more customizations for those who want a few more options otherwise this is grade A watchface! :)
A great looking minimalist watch face that draws on the classic aesthetic of Fallout's Pip-Boy that comes in both analog and digital flavors. It's not as busy as some other watch faces that try too hard to emulate the myriad of information the in game provides.
Would rate higher if worked.. So excited for this, but it's been hours since purchased and it won't show up at all. Can't use or customize. What's going on?
Enjoyed your live wallpaper and was happy to find this watch face. Looks elegant on my ZenWatch, and much less expensive than another face that also requires a third party app. Thank you!
It's amazing how close it recreates the theme.  The font is so close but if there were a battery status indicator for phone and watch, and animated pipboy this would be my favorite face ever
Do I need a 3rd party launcher? Or how do I upload watch face            (sm-r382)
I'd give it 5 stars if it had the falling bombs like the pipboy screensaver.
Great app, wish there were more on screen options such as a battery status indicator.
Theres no icon and no settings for the watchface on my watch yet it claims to be highly customizable. I solely bought the watchface with the intention to change it. One star until resolved, unfortunately.
Finally a good looking pip-boy watch face only the settings don't seem to change anything.
Look's great on the Moto 360, some more additions like weather and battery life indicators would be great.
There's nothing to this face but green numbers and scan lines. Not worth $1.50.
Looks cool but I can't customise it at all I just wasted money on this
I'm using a LG g watch r and web the watch dims, the time disappears and only shows "AM"in the center of the screen.
It would be nice if it offered the YYYY/MM/DD date-format that civilized people use.
Please add more customization options like bigger digital numbers and month/day/year. One of a kind watch face and proudly support your work :)
Works great and love the style. Would you be willing to add a digital mode with the mono font you just added?
Just a green watch face
Not really something special
Don't work
Nice watchface
Still my favorite watch face
Of all of the watch faces I own, I use this one the most. As a Moto 360 user, I find many faces are designed for a completely circular watch, so part of the watch face is blocked by the "flat tire". This face has a Moto 360 mode which flattens out @ the 6 o'clock position so the face is intact. It also has several color scheme, so I can coordinate with what I'm wearing or choose a scheme to suit mood or the occasion. Well worth the price, particularly for Moto 360 owners.
The right side of the screen is cut off on the moto 360 v2. Will rate at 5 stars once this is fixed. Tried rebooting and reinstalling to no avail.
Beautiful watch face, but a large chunk of the right side is cut off on my Moto 360 v2...sort of like an extra "flat tire" effect on the right side.  This would be a five star watch face if not for this issue.
This is my new favorite watch face! It looks great on my G Watch R and the ambient mode options are perfect! Too many watch faces don't put any thought into ambient mode, so it's great to see this one actually look great in ambient. Keep up the good work!
Unfortunately it looks terrible on Huawei Watch.
Huawei watch. Bottom and right side are cut off no matter what I do. The colors are also not as vibrant as the pictures and are super dull. Will try to contact to get a fix/answer
The only thing that would make this face perfect is if the rotation animation was also enabled for those of us that choose not to use an always-on screen
I downloaded it thinking mehhh I'll probably get a refund after I play with it. WRONG. this is absolutely beautiful. Even on the ambient mode. Absolutely beautiful. Definitely keeping it.
...all of the moneys.
Bought it without regret. And plus, it didn't disappoint me. Thanks!
Lots of settings and numbers that aren't too thin (although still relatively small).
Looks great. I use this as my everyday watch face on my moto 360.
I love your style... Great work.
Great design. Love the color options.
Gorgeous watch face
I love this watchface but currently on my moto 360 v2 there is a chunk missing from the right side of the screen making it unusable for me. If this is fixed I will repurchase in an instant. Please fix asap!
It isn't formatted correctly and cuts off the day and part of the hour numbers.
Doesn't work well with Moto 360 2nd Gen, 42mm.
Broken on the Huawei Watch. Cuts off the bottom portion of the face.
Please add Huawei watch support, otherwise great face.
Paid my money but it never installed to my watch. SCAM?
It doesn't show me the weather forecast and the date looks like 3/23 instead of march 3. Do I have to install another weather app on my phone? If it would show weather also on my huawei watch, it would be perfect!
No weather and date format wrong
Dont know why this watch face is not working on my watch any more.  It used to work great.  Had to do a factory reset and REpurchased this app and now it's not working.  Watch calendar face just  wont load.  It will blink on then disappear.  Please help. 5 stars when it's working!
Used to work fine, but recently all appointments have 4 am start & end time.  Messaged developer but no response.
Be carefull. This app does not work at all. I cannot find it on phone nor on the watch. Even after one hour . Do not buy it. It is a fraud.
Things from my calendar don't seem to be appearing on my watch face.
More like this is needed
I do find however that, on the agenda watchface when I have several appointments, that the most current appointments are not always shown. This seems to happen after the watch is disconnected then reconnects to my phone (LG G watch).
With 42mm moto 360. Lots of stuff cut off. Looks horrible.
One request - can we get an option to turn off the 5 minute pips?  Redundant on the LG round as it has the pips on the physical bezel.  *edit* Thanks for the update!  Looks great on the LG-R now! 5 stars! *edit*
Thank you for Sector style.
No help from developer on problems encountered
Nice look but needs more widget options such as step count and weather. Not really a big fan of dial widgets either. Prefer number displays. Also battery status and another time zone widgets are not what I want to see displaying. More options please. Complications for Wear 2.0 would be great.
I have the same problem with the upgrade to pro. I did what you recommend for the other guys but still didn't work
Like the design so much, but need more settings (i.e for adjusting the brightness at dim/ambient mode would be great)
How bout making a weather widget as well?
Please add some color option for dial background.
What a face.. Only lacks continuous seconds animation.. Simple and Neat
Fits perfectly on my 360 silver
Add option for weather pls, cant see in androidware miui v8 mi4c
Looks clean and classic..  Good for all occasions..  Especially with the moto360
Would be nice to change the background color also.
What do I do?
Would like a temp option.
One of the best looking faces
topppp
Cool look awesome and classy...
Nice
Was happy paying .99 for just the Halloween watch face.  Thanks for the free Thanksgiving update!
Cool idea. Worth all 99 pennies I paid
It's just a simple time app colorful and don't need my glasses to see the time or date. Does not show up on my phone app drawer  but it in app settings
Nice watchface, would give 5 stars if I could change to 12hr time.
Seems to be a problem with the date format in this face. It puts it in a weird month/day/year, which is quite unusable.
Overall good. Please increase line spacing a bit. Have option to change font and size
So far it's the only watch face I like.
Very nice looking human readable face
Great concept for an app that bypasses the need to use similar websites to view watch faces but the app is dead as it cannot load any data and should be removed from the Play Store since it's clearly been abandoned.
The show your watch section will not upload.  Please fix, been broken for months.
Slow loading and frequent force close
Was able to find many faces that are not available without searching for hours.  Thanks guys.
Won't show any faces when I select all faces.
Originally had 5 stars, now just force closes. Needs to be fixed
Would like to see a Mackey Mouse face where his hands point to time.  Like in the 50'.
Best way to quickly search all watch faces and it learns your downloaded faces to suggest new ones you may like. Great job on the app developers. Its the best way to search but why is there not an "all" watch face search option to display all faces available in the Google play store? I've got a download tab, new faces tab and featured tab...but not an "all" tab??
Just black screen.. I am using nxs5 running ART.. If that would help
Nicely done
Black screen of death. Doesn't even open. 4.4.4 ART.
Haven't found many watchfaces which I would use as daily driver, but this seems promising. Though I would like to see in future updates possiblity to turn on/off more items on screen. Like digital watch, compass points etc. Also icons for shortcuts would be great.  Watch crashed once after installing this, but hopefully that was only one and last time it does this. But gonna keep using this and see how our life together goes. =)
Love the look, hate the battery life. Using this app drains my battery 50% more than other apps.  For example using minimal and Elegant I can get over 2 days battery, using this I can only get one.  Until the battery life is fixed I cannot use it.
Had my Moto 360 Gen 1 for almost 2 years now and this is the 1st watchface email I've ever bought so I really wanted to like it, did my research and jumped in.  Unfortunately, seems to chew through battery life like crazy. Thought it was the weather refresh so I changed it to every 24 hours, still uses what I consider an excessive amount of power.  Had it on the first time anxiety within 9 hours I had 20% battery life left.  Restarted my phone and watch, charged to 100% and 7-8 hours later 34% left.  Don't get me wrong, design and appearance is great which is why I  decided to make it my first purchase, just need the battery life last longer. On my usual watchface I still have about 40% left after a 15 hour day. With an estimated life of about 31 hours.   Sorry really wish it would've been different.
Good looking watch face - especially like the weather info given directly on the face. Thank you. Would like to be able to customise the larger dial contents... I'm not too bothered with steps considering I am disabled - So maybe a bigger date with shortcut to my calendar app on the watch? I'll be using this a lot mainly for it's weather info.
Thanks for making a well-designed face for both round AND square watches. Nice choice of display items.cwoukd be nice if I could lock colors down separately and still get to the app shortcuts. Nicely done!
Love the look and the options. How easy would it be to make the compass actually function?
Nice watchface, I'll give 5 stars when the date display will be bigger, when there will be option to hide the digital  display, and shortcuts to other,  more useful application.. But in general grate watch face.
So far it's my favorite watch face, good job!
I love it. My favorite function is that I can change the color with a simple tap, allowing me to coordinate my watch with my ties without having to change watchfaces or thinking to much about it.
The watch face is fully functional and beautiful, but could you add a option to adjust the display on time since 5s is really too short.
Great watchface,by a great dev.
On the Huawei smart watch when the screen goes inactive the face goes all grey, is there anyway for the hands to stay coloured? Great watchface regardless
Beautifully done! Customizable colors and customizable tap action menu are fantastic.  👍⌚😎
Best face I've ever bought .
Give option to change degrees from fareinate to celicius used i uk
My favorite watch face. Love the look and function
Great features with good battery life!
mantaff
Great watch face
It will do for now. I might delete in few days; it doesn't look premium. Weather settings should allow for manual city option; I'm a traveller and don't care much for auto location on phone. The dual battery symbols (watch and phone) are too small and look like annoying dots even on my large watch dial - LG Watch Urbane. I'm a watch face enthusiast and have three premium smartwatches.
Another great watchface for my collection
Since android update, there is no settings to select on a phone. So you can't change simple things like weather c or f. There is no settings on the watch either. Only option is random colour pressing.
Phone only gives me uninstall function. No access to settings on phone or watch.
Can't get it to show up anywhere
Love it, but the indicator for the phone battery doesn't work. I have have tried resynching and rebooting. I would give it 5 stars if this were to be fixed. Moto 360 and S7.
Beautiful and unique. The phone battery indicator however does not work. Not sure what the steps indicator is supposed to show, I don't see anything on the watch change or add anything when switching to it.
It's pretty and I'd love to try it, but it needs a proper ambient mode.
Needs 24 hour clock. All watch faces should have a 24 hour option
no notification card popping up like in the other watch ⌚ face. step counter not working
Wish there was a b/w option
Reduce battery usage please
Kingping
BEST.  CALENDAR. WATCH FACE.  EVER!  I have tried and dropped 7 or 8 different calendar watch faces. My life planning depends on seeing my appointments on my watch face.  This is exactly what I was looking for.  I uninstalled Microsoft Outlook to go with this. Outlook was buggy, sometimes didn't show my events, and took way too long to load events onto the watch face.  This app is smooth and immediate.  Dev: I would gladly pay for the ability to change colors, especially to assign colors to different calendars.  But not if it makes the app buggy.  The smooth simplicity of this is what I love about it.  Very, very, VERY well done!
Does the job, keeps me knowing what's coming up and gives a visual for how long the event will continue.  With Android Wear 2.0 a watch face doesn't need to do everything because it's easy to switch between favorites, so it's this and a seperate dedicated weather face.
Really loving this thing. I have multiple events during the day, it's this kind of app that makes the watch shine.  Really appreciate it Dev, kudos!
Love the watch, looks great and is quick and easy to see my daily agenda. Would just like some more options like color, numbers on analog, notches on/off, etc. Still awesome watch face.
Works well for giving me a list of upcoming events on my calendar, just wished those color bars were visible on a square watch face. I'm using a Sony Smartwatch 3 and it doesn't look the same as seen in the screenshots. It's still usable, just wish that feature worked for my watch is all.
Would be nice to change the color of the hand, or have black and white version... more customization
Didn't display the upcoming calendar events. Defeats the whole purpose.
Does what it says, looks very clean on a square watch face. My go to face for over a year. If it's not broken, don't fix it. So why change.
Really nice and useful watch face. The only thing which will be nice to have is battery level information.
Fantastic and free! Wished it could have more options for the design such as background image, or different watch faces.
must have for work junkies
Can't select calendars
Sleek and utilitarian.   Very minimalist.   I would appreciate a pedometer on the screen.
Won't show my Gmail / exchange calendar........... Hello !!!!!!!!
Excellent
Thank you! Now it's awesome! 1 little picky thing is that I like leading zeros: 01:00am instead of 1:00am lol but not a big deal. Thank you! :)
Been looking for something like this. I'm forgetful so having notification on my watch is great. Works a treat on my g watch r. Well done Mr developer.
Suggestion,  Ability to change some settings,  and ability to show two or more event
Needs bigger text for appointments
Would it be possible to add step counter ?
Crashes instantly on Moto 360 Gen 1. EDIT: Don't even get a message, it just crashes the whole watch and won't turn on again without me putting it on the charger. If you think it's incompatible, I'll remove the review.
Very nice minimalistic but futuristic watch face! The Android app on my Asus Padfone crashes at launch instantly, but fortunately the app on my Asus Zenwatch 3 is running okay! Would be five stars if the companion app on my mobile would work though. :-)
Worked good on my Zenwatch 2 before the AW2 update. After that this app made my watch completely unusable. The cpu was always tied up making the watch unresponsive to touch.  Eventually I got it uninstalled and now the watch works great and responds to touch.
I don't think that this app it's nougat compatible yet, because when I open the app on my Pixel it crashes without and crash reports and it wouldnt sync with my moto360 2 gen. I would like this use this and I will change my review once I can use it but I do like the concept
A really fun, short game that you can play on your watch. And the watch face on the "menu" screen is really nice looking! I want it to become an actual watch face.
Crashes after install on moto 360 2nd, twice, then works just fine. Great app.
Flappy Bird for your smartwatch! A fun, simple, avoidance game that is ideally suited for a watchface. Great job!
On Google pixel and instantly crashes
Great game! The watch face feature is nice and it works flawlessly on the ZenWatch 2. Kudos to the developer!
Awesome idea and awesome game. I would love it if it had a digital clock option too
Isn't a watch face.
cant open, crashes on samsing s7 and wont download to moto 360 gen 2
Great to see it on a watch, but would much rather it be an interactive watch face
Fun game. I hope it would be a watch face
I want to see the watch face independent.
Why settle for just a clock.
Goo
Wow
Okay cool
Very useful on my works
Suggestion: Add digital clock and app launcher and it will be perfect. Google Now integration is spot on☺
Good one
I'm leaving 5 stars just for the support alone!  Developer was very quick to respond, and provided excellent support.  I wish more devs were like this.  As for the watch itself...  Oh so many options to choose from!  This dev really knows how to pack the features in there.  My poor Moto 360 (1st gen) is going to get a work out!   (Insert Evil Laugh Here.)  Beautiful designs from an excellent developer.  It doesn't get much better than that.
Another great design from this dev. The orange ring is a little too bold for me, but the watch face looks great!
Works well with LG-G4 Watch.  Looks great! Kinda steampunk, yet also very classy & elegant.   Love the animated gears that you can speed up or slow down.  Cool.
It looked good but was laggy
Why it's not showing on my watch? Is it compatible with wear 2.0?
Don't believe that you will like this.  This will never be your watch face.  This has wasted space on my options for a couple of weeks and now it has been deleted.
Awesome watch face. Developer it's great too!
Love this. O man!!!
Good
This is being really picky here but the layout needs looking at regarding the tonearm layout and it's also pretty hard to see the time.....
Excellent watch face looks great...could do with more designs.
👍👍
Nice concept, nice watch face 👌👌
Looks great but doesn't not update time zone. I have to switch to another watch face and back every time I change time zones. T mobile lg g4 and lg g watch r.
I really like the visual style!
Love, love, love. It's beautiful!
This is my permanent watch face now. Any hint on what day this week the update will be?
Looks great on my Moto 360! Would like a few customisable options though on the settings
I would love it if it had a 12 hour clock.
Very nice looking even Ruth my flat tire
I like
It crashes a fair bit when setting the face on my watch and also the phone app occasionally, however being persistent meant I got the face to stay. Also, for the moto 360, we need an option for the white to be replaced with black! It's a cool design but not quite there yet :)
A smart and clean looking watch face with a choice of colours. I would however like to be able to move the text up slightly and make the text a little bigger for those times when my eyes are tired
PLEASE I PAYED FOR THIS
It won't transfer to my watch.  It is only for the phone. Wasted money getting premium for something I can't use.
Very informative and functional watch face, loved the level of customizations available. Keep up the good work. More feedback  after few days of usage.
It was my 2nd fav app for my watch but Advertising for other app release pulling me down to use this. uninstalled. Sorry dev, so your add within app instead push in notification.
Awesome concept and idea few things I would like is one independent color or customization of the three dials...something I though were the programmable widgets instead they stuck in color and functionality....Also I wish it would let you chose where your steps come from as I find my devices health app is way better then good fit
So far the app appears to operate Without any glitches.
Don't like the notifications
Working
Nice!!!
Good
Still trying it
ok
So, here's the thing. I just installed the face and purchased premium features through the mobile; however, it still does not let me access the premium features through my watch. Could someone help me resolve this, else it's no use if I purchased the features.  Edit 01: Even after multiple reboots of the phone and the watch, the same problem persists. The watch doesn't let me access Premium Features. To top it all, the watch face has glitches. Multiple times have I noticed, my phone battery is 98% or so, yet the watch shows only 73%.
Nice, realistic layout that is easy to use and customizable. Just wish I could change the TIME and SEC decos.
Very good
I bought the premium licensed but need help increasing the font size of digital display as it is not appealing with watch face. Pls provide options to format the digital display.
I love this
Nice
Not working for s2 and they won't  give a refund.
AWESOME COLORFUL VERSATILE APP
Love the look
This has been my goto watch face for quite a while now. It's just so nicely designed and developed! If you like the free version, then you must purchase the paid version! The extra settings, and features are amazing, and you won't be disappointed! Thanks Thema for your great work, and stylish taste!
Ok
Elements are very small, interactive areas at the bottom too close to each other, so a lot of wrong tap especially if your fingers big enough...
Fixed paymen bug in last update 5 stars grate face
Looks really good on the watch....
Awesome faces
Cool
I like it, but I can't seem to find how to change the handles and how to set them to 3 o clock to see the date. In the description on play store it says it should be able too.
Only thing that disappoints me is that the step counter is not resetting to 0 the next day.  I have Google fit installed.
I like the way it looks, but I have green squares in every area where the shortcuts would be.  Using Asus zenwatch 3.  5 stars when it's fixed.  I paid for premium by the way.     Dear developer, I just figured out the same thing you sent me, literally 5 min before you replied.  Thank you for fast reply.  Watch looks great!
Paid for premium, features are working. But in my smartwatch (Fossil Q gen 2) with latest Android wear 2.0 doesn't work. Pls kindly render assistance. Thank u.
it is another fantastic, and working watchface. I d like purchase it, but... the hands and numbers are soooooo small, I can t see them. My eyes are good, and other faces (Master) are perfectly readable. This one however is a bit too small. After all, the design is masterclass
I like it. Definitely in Current Top 10!
I like the combination of having shortcuts and other customization. Change look,  feel, color, texture.
Great watch face. Works with my Asus ZW3.
Poor
Works perfect.
Hi i am a premium user, but using Gear S3.. does it work? I am unable to see the watch face on my watch.. please advice..
Watch: Zenwatch 3 Pros: edited, changed to 5 stars. You'll need premium, it's priced the same or less than most others. With the premium version, there are more options than most others. I like all the different background/color/text color variations available, ability to change up the four widget interactive areas, and the ease of getting the battery levels at a glance (a nice surprise as most battery level indicators are very small and hard to see quickly).   Cons: Noticeably slow to come out of ambient mode and slow to show tap indication and open widget. There is so much great visible area wasted on the inner dials at 3 and 9 o'clock, with the little second hand (redundant) and the dial that says Time (and what does that tell us, it's like a one handed clock). Suggestion, have the TINY three widgets in the bottom of the digital clock be data only and have the three inner dials up top user defined widgets (I.E. Date, Day, Steps, Gmail, Weather, etc) that open appropriate app or user defined app.
why demanding access to my whole phone this is a spy app beware
I was gonna issue a refund but....There aren't that many dialers and I've tried a few. This is probably gonna be the one. I understand not many use the pound key but I do please add that. And also give us the ability to select themes or colors. Then 5 stars
Beautifully presented app that is a joy to use. Certainly the best I've tried. Just needs phone to be forced to speaker mode when answering from the watch, then it would be perfect.
To enable the call to use watch for some android wear watched that have a speaker. Will give 5 stars when it does.
This should be included as a basic part of Android Wear! Pictures for speed dial is a nice addition!
When accepting calls is there a way to automatically have the phone turn on  speakerphone, as of now that does not work even when option checked to allow speakerphone
Incoming call notification quit working motto 360 HTC m8
This app works perfectly, this should be included with Android wear . 5 stars.
ie for conference call..seems to remove the delay character
Very good and user friendly app
Best dialer for wear
App enables the speaker phone over phone  when dialed  from android wear watch but doesn't let md talk from watch directly. I dont know if this is possible from any watch other than Android Wear watch. It would be good if  i had that option otherwise I think I should  have Bluetooth headset to speak.
It generally works OK but it occasionally leaves a little mini icon on the watches home screen that doesn't seem to do anything but does cause the dialer to launch everytime I activate the watches display... Five stars if I could get rid of that!
I originally rated this app 1 star because it was a great idea but it didn't work on my phone. Within 24 hours the developer contacted me and is working with me to get this working with my custom ROM.  This is by far the best developer I've ever worked with and I'm looking forward to using the app.
I bought it for the speaker phone function but that doesn't seem to work on Note 4. Maybe dev can test it. I checked the checkbox. Plus contact images don't show.
Does not handle wait, pause and other standard characters in numbers. Wait (;) should prompt user and then enter the rest of the string until the next wait, etc.  Also needs the ability to mute and unmute during calls.
Two days with this app and it's quite good for what's available right now on play store. couple of things, incoming calls with automatic speaker enabled would be handy, since when i answer i'm often in car and fiddling around for speaker isn't that safe. Also pictures in contacts would be another nice feature. all and all a good app, Android wear should have added this from the start.
When I first installed the app a couple of months ago, the Mini Dialer launched okay on my Moto 360, but it screwed up my ability to make calls on my S4 (even manually).  Consequently, I uninstalled the app.  Yesterday I tried Mini Dialer again.  And wow... what an improvement!  The dialer works great with my S4 and the new features (Contacts, Call Log and Speed Dialer) are really nice.  The only feature that needs to be improved is the Speed Dialer.  The design gives you blank faces of the names/numbers on your speed dial, hence you have no idea of where a number is placed on the speed dialer.  If you cannot put face pics, then I would at least add a number (1-12) to assist with trying to figure out where a speed number is placed.
I've been toying with a few dialer apps and this one has worked for me, halfway. Outgoing calls work as intended and the speakerphone is enabled on my phone's dialer. However, this doesn't allow me to answer calls with the speakerphone enabled on my phone. This means I'll still have to do it via my phone's interface. Not ideal. I realised this app is purely targeted towards outgoing calls, but handling incoming calls is important to me as well.
Well done; thanks for adding a manual sync of all contacts. Would be great if developper adds offline search capabillities by adding letters of the alphabet to reduce and limit contacts to scroll through (if not yet in speed dial) and offer sorting according to first or last name.
Amazingly useful app.. Only thing I would advise the developer is to implement a touch tone keypad during in-call e.g... Press option 1 etc... People like myself who use a Bluetooth headset for calls signed not being able to sort out  This is a glaring omission to an outstanding app! Also maybe consider adding a "hold" button
Thus is a good app. I won't why Google didn't pre install this. One small thing is that it doesn't show the contacts image on the watch. That would make it close to perfect for me.
Great app but there are some things needed to get 5 stars like having indecator in phone log identifying the call direction also it got crashed while trying to make a call and mobile network was disconnected, one more thing i can't see the bluetooth support as i can't activate the bluetooth to forward the call to bluetooth headset from the app ui directly.
Worth every penny!  Works flawlessly with my Huawei watch and now I've found enough reason to wear it all the time. All I need to do is to place my phone in my back pocket with its speaker/microphone side up. Also installed the coolest watch face it's called Bagital Watch Face...
App does all per description, so 4 out of 5 stars as the only downside is that it transfers all contacts to the watch.  I would prefer to have the option of only syncing with specific group(s) to the phone.  Other than that small limitation, very nice app.  Installed on LG G Watch R and LG G2.
I like this app because, with a Bluetooth ear piece, I wouldn't need to take my phone out. Though, since I use Google Voice as a business number on my phone, and I have it set to ask me each time whether to use GV, I still have to pull out my phone. So, if you guys could somehow integrate this with GV, I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks.
Works perfect with my LG G Watch R and Sony Xperia Z3 Compact. It syncs great, and I can't really understand why it is not incorporated directly into the Android Wear. Congratulations to the developer! 100% I recommend this app.
Fantastically useful, but would be great if mute button was available (tend to use hands free for conference calls whilst driving to work, mute is essential!). Please make this a 5 star app by adding!
Just downloaded/installed this on my Note 3. But the app does not appear on My LG G Watch R. Hoping the developer will be able to advice me about how to get it to work.
Now this should be the standard for smartwatches! Easy setup and works flawless. Speed dial, access to phone book or just punch in the number, all works great. Truly a must have!
When im on a call, I expect it to be at the top of the notification list, not have to search for it...
I have need to refund my money back.  It's not appropriate Apps.  Incoming call can't handle. I don't understand how it's get above 4 rating.
Bought this and it works on my gear 2 running Android wear it's a clean smooth app that works well and I'm sure the developer will improve upon it.  This is the first Android wear app I've purchased also :-)
When I try to dial a number always says that is disconnected or sound like a fax machine.
Works great on my LG G Watch. I don't know why the phone does not come with this app already installed.
This is a great Android watch app if it can support dual sim card device.(xperia z3 dual). I should give a 5 stars when your team fix this .
Works flawless. I am surprised why its not provided as basic feature.
Not good
The commands for it are spot on. No delay when pressing anything. Easy to use
Can I change background to black so it's easier to read black and white.
It works great when you want to call someone hands free.
Nice looking  and useful. About everything you could ask from a smart watch.
Great!!
Perfect!
Looks good..
Hopefully this update helps the battery life on a huawei watch.  Other than that, this is definitely worth the purchase!  Must have.
I love how the watch face looks and all the info it provides is wonderful. After installing and even after further tweaking of the settings to limit how often it updates, I still noticed significant battery drain from my phone. Unfortunately that is a deal breaker as I need my phone to last a full day.
I really like it and have using it for a few days now but it eats up the battery on my Huawei watch compared to some others.  I still get through a whole day but instead of the 26-32 hours I get on most faces I get about 18-20 on this face.  I wish it had some more customisation options like changing the hand styles, font and smooth seconds.  Also some custom tick marker settings would spice it up and allowing the removing of the tick markers and using numbers or some other design.  Overall a solid face that's worth the $1.40
This watchface is true meaning of smartwatch cause I used Casio watches and they have limited sensors but using this watchface you have everything on your wrist and can set whatever mode you need
Still unable to setup my watch. System info shows that phone component is installed, but no app icon and no chance to run to change default settings (Urban/Nexus 5). Drains watch battery pretty fast.
After using this watch face for a few days, it stopped pulling the weather information onto the watch. Tried to reboot the watch to see if that worked, nope. Tried a couple of things in the app settings, but that didn't work either.
Not happy weather not working or solar i cant get it to work on any paid screen i have help please
I love this watch face I've used out several weeks now with good results , the weather does not work now and the step count is incorrect
I love the look of these watch faces and the different options are nice. However, my smart watch battery drained very quickly with this app. Once I switched away, my battery went back to lasting a couple of days. It also does not show the correct step count. It should connect with fitness apps (like Google Fit). Otherwise the fitness option on this watch face is useless.
I would give this app 5 stars if the body and hours in interactive mode can be customized. Any chance of this happening?
I installed the face but the app doesn't appear on the phone. Pls assist.
I like it work pretty good very satisfying
It would be great if the watch face was even more customisable so that each section could be changed separately
minimalist, clean, simple.
It's a beautiful watchface but it won't let you go into settings, keeps crushing continuously. Please fix!
Crash when i try to change watchface settings
Congratulations.
Awesome.
You might want to review how you are making these watch faces.  Nice designs but they absolutely drain your battery.  All of them do that so it's got to be something.  Please attempt to solve this issue and you will end up selling way way more.!  Good luck!
Beware the pretty watch face!
stays on for 5 seconds then looks nothing like advertised just plain numbers. also sends unwanted notifications!
Would be nice to be able to change colours and customize.
I hate it
It's  ok
It's so unique that I can show it to my friends who don't like smart watches
Awesome watch face!
Love it
Wtf. I can't tell the time on this watchface. The red arrow is the second hand. Where's the min hand?
Hey, I factory-resetted my watch .. Now works perfectly !! Thanks :)
Maaaaaaaarvelous.
Elegant design looks so good these are high quality faces please keep them coming and would love options to Change hand colors and a day and date can't say anything bad... Also if u need a beta tester lol I'm here for you!!
I love how this face is Moto 360 friendly. It adjusts the face to account for the "flat tire" ambient sensors.
But, it's a battery drainer on the LG watch R
How about an update with day date, otherwise a great looking watch Face
I honestly belive the watch faces from Omitsis are the best on Play Store. Very elegant, great details, even in dimmed mode. Although not stated they work great on the LG G Watch R also. What would make them truly perfect would be a discreet date window.
Gewoon  mooie klokkie
Changes from green to gold. Very annoying.  It only takes a few seconds to tell time. the lag kills this watchface.
Perfect goldish hands for an elegant watch!
Really like the looks
Piece of junk full of junk ads keeps popping up even when the app is not even open .
Chock full of very annoying adds
Full of pop-up adds
I can't seem to get the Trex and velociraptor to use as background on both my LG G watch R and Sony SmartWatch 3
Uninstalled, reinstalled, prompted on watch to install on watch, all great now. Excellent Developer, quick to respond
Works great on my ZTE smartwatch, but would like digital option.
I'm a paleontologist teaching a class on dinosaurs. Will see if my students notice this! Looks great on my Huawei watch and the battery level and steps are a nice touch.
Great fun. Would like to be able to change the face on the phone rather than the watch. Would also like the Dino outlined in ambient mode. Still love though.
Super fun! It's a nice break from serious and ugly watch faces
Thank you Fat Russell for making my life emote complete
RAWR!
The thunderbolt icon seems to stick on screen even when not charging. It should show battery % when off charge and no thunderbolt.
Unfortunately my Sony smartwatch 3 does not recognize these.
Amazing work by an amazing artist :)
Cute dino!
Very simple but beautiful watch face. Love being able to change the colour by tapping it as well.
Very nice

Simply awesome :)
Good
Good
Don't bother paying for premium. While it looks OK it just doesn't give true readings on the display. The weather is always the same and the phone battery constantly reads 76% regardless.
I use it every day
Love the build choices in premium mode
Great app
Simple, Elegant, Stylish and extremely Beautiful.
Some brilliant watch designs. Add Samsung Galaxy S.
Thanks
I like the face a lot, however there are quite a few occasions when the weather doesn't update for several hours, when manually updated, it doesn't always update on the face.
Thanks another great Watch Face.
You download a face and gives you a simple one not the same as you thought you downloaded
Works great
DP
This developer is awesome. I mentioned something and there was an update within 48hrs! Customization to add or remove the 12 would be cool.
Doesn't fit square watch
To start, I think this is one of the best looking and most useful watch faces.  My only complaint is that the digital clock gets covered by notification cards.  So if the digital clock could be moved a little bit higher, or even be located at the top, then the notification cards would not block the time.  Honestly, I cannot see the time sometimes because I have the watch hands disabled, so I strictly rely on the digital one.  But otherwise, it's great.
Out of the blue, my phone began lagging so I restarted. Immediately upon restarting a notification from this app popped up trying to sell me three new watch faces. Clicking on it did nothing and my phone began overheating until I uninstalled it. Right away my phone began cooling down and returned to normal. I think it's bad form to use the android notification system to show ads, and crashing the phone in the process is even worse. Uninstalled.
Looks great for those more elegant nights out.
Very good
Cannot download for some reason . Tried several times. LG G3 running 6.0 and watch is motor 360 so there should be no reason why I can't. Just keeps giving me a download error. Tried several times and was able to download other apps so no reason for the problem.
Definitely one of the best looking and most unique watch faces around but going from ambient to active takes a few seconds then a few more seconds before "Ok Google" or touch interactions work. I am using an up to date Huawei Watch. Massive let down for a great looking watch face.
Making the face use the full space of the square screen would be nice, instead of cropping it into a circle.
Great looking watch but lags like hell, once that's fixed (and the resolution's raised a bit) this will easily be my everyday watch and get 5 stars.
I think this is one of the best watch faces every, it looks so cool
Really cool design. It took some time getting used to but I really love that it's one of the more unique Android watch faces!
Love this design. Just wish the ambient mode was the same cool design! Like maybe if only the relevant hour and minute pieces were visible, or maybe outlines or something.
Unique and looks cool
The watch face downloads to my phone but will not show on my Moto 360.
Love it. Using the face watch on my Fossil Q Marshal 2.0 make it look SMEXY!
I like it but sometimes ambient mode still has color after a notification even when disabled.
It does not appear on the watch. I didn't have the chance to use it.
Awesome
I love all of the design cycle's watch faces. I have four of them and haven't been disappointed by their creativity and the customization ability
I tried to install several times but won't show on my watch or android wear
Didn't show up on watch or android wear app
The most unique watch face !
Asks me to purchase the app again on my watch when I try to install it. No way to restore purchases either
Doesn't show up
Very nice
Hey,  I use a Sony smart watch 3.  I had a bad experience as for right now,  this watch doesnt work for me,  not showing up even after I restarted both my phone and watch,  I want some help.
The watch face is really unique and a must try for round watches! I had some difficulty buying this watchface and Team Design Cycle really helped me to experience the watchface!
Nice looking watch
Downloaded the watch face but it was not present within the android wear app or on the watch itself. Checked my downloaded apps and there it was, a 15 mb watch face that was nowhere to be found. Nexus 6 + LG G Watch R user. **update: I gave it a second try and everything appears to be working. The apps failure to register on both the watch and phone is definitely worth investigating on the development side.
Nice, elegant watch face. Very expensive looking. Hard to read at times, but not too bad. Adding color to the dials would be a nice option. Would also be nice to have more of the muted colors (army green, charcoal gray, brown, pale gold, deeper red...). Thank you.
I really appreciate that you made the watchface settings store inside android wear rather than have an annoying app icon like other watch faces. Also would it be possible to have a true black watch face like how it looks when in ambient mode?
I love the idea for the watch face but I'd expect the second indicator to be oriented with the minute hand wheel. But even at 6:00 the minute rolls over when the second indicator is straight up.
I've been rocking this face for a while now about a year now. I really can't go to any other lol. If l could see something different maybe a metal theme. Thanks for your designs
Looks great but really needs a 24 hour mode. Changing the hour numbers as soon as it goes past 12 would be good enough for me.
Idea is superb but the numbers on the watch r hard to read coz of itz size so if u culd resize it wuld give 5 stars. Am using it on my LG G WATCH
Nice watch face, but the numbers are so small that it makes it very difficult to read. Can you add an option to increase the font size?
Nice watch face. Only "bug" I can see is that the seconds see not aligned to the numbers dial the way the minutes function / rotates to align with the hour mark. Would also be nice to have the option to enable an accent colour on the hour-minutes arrow as you now need to quickly scan the watch face to actually spot the arrow.
My new favorite for a nice, stylish face. I would like to see a little more eye catching hour/second hand though. And maybe if the hour hand did a little drifting towards the next hour?
This watchface is not legible defeating the purpose of having a watch. Everything is so tiny. Please fix this!
Hi I installed the latest update, however still seeing only the black and light options on my moto 360.  Am I missing anything? Thx.
I paid money for this and you have the audacity to show advertisements for other apps in the notifications? What a joke
This theme sadly is no where to be seen on my Huawei watch!? Any ideas?
My favorite face on the huawei watch. Wish it had a bit more customisation (ie bigger numbers,bigger arrow, remove date etc...). But a great face.
Very nice looking watch face, perfect for moto 360. Custom colours would be a good addition. At the moment app is very limited to a few different options.
Could have given 5 Stars if OK Google shows up on top... Instead of in middle..
Only wish is for the ambient mode to be a little brighter if possible? I like to be able to read the time without coming out of ambient display
Very nice detailed layout, but it would be nice if you could assign color accents for the time markers.
Sorry gotta get a refund on this one.
Nice watch face, only thing missing is an accent color with choices.
Great watch. Would love it if it had a day/night mode and a few more options.
Sorry not appear on my moto 360
I love how it combines analog with digital.
Great face, great improvements. Good work!
Unable to set the watch face for my huawei. Written to the developer, no response. He might have migrated to the Sun. DO NOT PURCHASE.
Moto 360
near perfect watch face
This is a very nice watch face for my watch r, i just think it's too bright i wish there was an option to dim the watch a little bit more...
Really great. It acknowledges the design of the 360, its simple, easy to read and informative. My only very minor gripe is that I wish there were a 12 hour digital option. That said, please don't start overbloating this with features. The beauty is in the simplicity.
Could of been a good watch IF YOU WERE GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO AFTER THE DIGITAL TIME, I NEED A TIMEZONE NOT TO BE TOLD THE SAME TIME TWICE. IN LUA ITS SIMPLE TO DO. THOSE WHO CAN'T TELL 24H TIME FOR THEMSELVES CAN SET IT TO DO THAT. THE REST OF US CAN HAVE A TIMEZONE. TOOK IT OFF MY WATCH. CAN MAKE FAR BETTER. SEE G+
Didn't know you could change the colours to make it more unique.   I would like to see numbers 3 6 9 in the colours of the digital clock that would look soo cool
Please add more colour styles. When you introduce new faces and features please leave the old ones as they are. Thx
Unfortunately, my device's battery (Moto 360, 1st Gen) seems to last about half the time with this on, as opposed to a stock one, or from WATCHMASTER.
The only thing whick clicked me is the dual display culd have made it more interesting by adding customization on watch faces. Only colours change but wat  bout the hands and stuff. And in the new update please ADD A SECONDS HAND in the ambient mode then i will give 5 stars... Choclate...jokes apart make it more interesting oki thanks
Very happy with this, looks equally good on 360 and Sony 3. The only thing I'd like to see is an alarm widget - leaving the design simple but little more functional as a watch. 10/10
Nice design, especially the choice of colors. Love the digital combo and the ambient mode; although the active face is a pixel or two off center on the Huawei Watch. Incorporate weather and maybe Google Fit step counter and we'll have a fantastic chic daily driver!
Acknowledging the flat tire makes this face really stand out!  Maybe add the 3 circle option areas as other watches have done.
Nice watch face, I enjoyed the idea of Analog and digital at the same time, but there is no customization at all. I would give 5 stars for it, and can you guys please add step count on it? Thanks
Looks awesome on Moto 360. I like how the developer take advantage of the flat tire and make it looks really nice. I will like if in a future update this watch face have a digital twelve hours option. Great job by the developer. ☺
Hi Jim, Just wondering if you would care to share your obvious bastion of 5* Apps you have programmed? What is BasicASICode?
It should be a crime to have a digital clock without the setting of swapping it between 12 hour and 24 hour settings.
Only one watch face, no settings, no app on phone, devs haven't replied to email for days.
Great design and looks fantastic. Would love to see 12hr digital clock mode and maybe custom colour schemes . Great app with loads of potential great work devs keep going. :)
Downloaded the app on my Nexus 5, tried to launch app I will not open
Great, best watch face for my Moto360! Thank you! More colour choices would be great though
I have only one color.  And no app.  How do I change the face colors?
Could we have some hand styles as you have on the chrono?.. which also is 5 star :)

Can't change from 24 to 12 hour time. Uninstalled.
Or is it the other way around? Has room for growth.
Can't switch off 24 hour format.

bigger day date window would be good..thanks
Not bad, but cannot access settings on Huawei.
Good luck, good time and get bright futures
Damn, cool!
Very beautiful and elegant watch face.
Simple but real nice
A+
बढिया है
Great, simple, and beautiful
Easy to install...great colours.
Simple, elegant, functional
Perfect!
Love it
Usefull app
No
Nice
It's an entertaining game while waiting for the train to arrive or something.
Color option for ambient mode and please?
Simple but great.
Hello is very good software thanks 👑
The lights doesn't indicate seconds. They're just there blinking :/
Thanks for keeping regular updates. Very good app for fitness.
Great app
Its a great app. 10/10 would run again.
Great new update adds many features and improves performance. Weight tracker, maps, trail and photos have been updated.
Last fixes are great. Active Fitness is my new companion app for running.
Bloody thing keeps saying sorry ACTIVE FITNESS HAS STOPPED
Does not work in Android...👎
Stay away from this excuse for an app. Readings incorrect on cycling,times wrong, speed stops ,app pauses and freezes,the list goes on. And don't be stupid enough to pay for the yearly subscription by 30/11/2015 to get the 6 months extra as you won't get it. And don't expect to get any response from the developers via email or the crap website.
Explain why it froze as i continue training for a marathon? Ridiculous. Hire an experienced honest tech app designer. Nonsense! Im beyond disappointed. You are worst than Adidas and Asics run app!!!!!
Infallibile
Thank you, this is a very helpful app.
Finally on Google Play!
Great for tracking yourself on the mountain. And bragging rights.
bestvsuperb man woooooooow
okay
U must try it
Nice
Great high definition wallpaper's, a 'categories' section like other wallpaper apps would be greatly appreciated.
手机上用起来挺好的，但是对于平板的横屏优化不好，望改进。
Simple and to the point. Breathtaking Hi-def backgrounds
Cannot download images anymore
Simple yet beautiful wallpapers. Best wallpaper app
It's worth it ..
A simple app with good collection.
Sweet wallpaper app
This is my first ever review... Loved the organisation and the wallpapers... Thank you guys for such a brilliant app. I have tried other wallpaper apps as well but this is above all..   After the update i am not seeing any wallpapers inside the app. Failed to restore the wallpapers
Normally I am very choosy in selecting the wallpaper app for my phone but this app has some amazing Wallpapers just one thing can you add an option to auto change wallpaper according to the day or time that will be very good
The most beautiful app I've ever seen. Great content too!!! Only thing is content can take a while to load, even on wifi.
Love the UI, wallpaper selection, and quality of the wallpapers. Fantastic app!
Very slow,  managed to get just one
I've tried like a gazillion wallpaper apps. Cuto by far is the best. Really nice collection of wallpapers.
Hands down. Best wallpaper app.
Excellent wallpapers... and superb interface.keep updating wallpapers...i love personally black and red.
The most beautiful photos I ever see!
Not loading wallpapers, extremely annoying...
Very neat high res walls. Loved it👌👌👌👌
Absolutely top notch
Perfect
I not only like the way the wallpapers can be cropped but also think the choice of Unsplash as the image source makes this a great app. Keep up the good work!
First I gave five star rating but on my new device its just not running as usual. Its crashing after sometime.
Can you please add the random feature to get random wallpaper each time i open it. now i am missing out the older walls.. thanks... :)
so functional and beautiful! wasn't expecting options to set both lock and home screen. I'd kill for a gallery app like this
The wallpapers are great but the app crashes regularly and is incredibly slow to open up pictures, making it unusable.
Best wallpaper app ever. Couldn't ask for better quality and  #crispy wallpapers.
Wallpapers don't get edit by watch face please resolve that,otherwise thumbs up.
Most of the wallpapers that ive gotten so far are in landscape. While it can be cropped down to size. It misses half of the beauty or the impact of the original wallpaper. It would be better if it just got more portrait wallpapers
Best wallpaper app ever. It's so simple, clean and with satisfying animations. Also has best wallpapers that I've ever seen. All of them are high quality wallpapers. Great job on this app and continue like this.
I used a lot wallpaper apps around play but this is best best app ever seen.!
Its frequently crashing in my phone
Beautiful wallpapers but app keeps crashing whenever I try to download.
Such a beautiful collection of wallpapers and those look stunning on my Nexus 6p display. Bravo keep up the work!
I swear that this is the best app for downloading wallpapers I've ever seen ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️  thx for dat amazing app 😊😍😙😗🤗
Excellent app. I like that the wallpapers are few but are of high quality suitable for the mobile screens instead of a horde of images. I uninstalled other such apps. This one is sufficient.
This so absolutely delivers. In every respect.
No new additions
Fix it soon..
Some are nice and some are best.Overall best wallpaper app in my life l had ever seen.
But it doesn't show the battery level of my mobile, I have a Sony Xperia Z5 Premium and the Sony smart watch 3.
Battery bars are off centered. Moto 360
I didn't like it.
Obviously eating the battery. Can't last for 1 days on my TicWatch S. Temperature display error. Send email to them for inquiry but no response.
Pedometer does not work!!!! Use way to much battery
Payment taken but installation not starting....
It not showing me my bpm. Help
I use the functions every day.  Azus Zenwatch 2
Time is too small, there is spare place to increase the digital clock. Another issue is why not can’t remove the dial. Already disable the clock hand but still have the clock dial. That is unsightly.
Need good eyes to read it all.  Battery lasts about 12-14 hours for me on Huawei without speakerphone update.
Just wish heart monitor could be subed
I like this watch face. It has tons of detailed information displayed. Very useful! Great look!
Great watch face, had a little problem at first would not Change colour solved it by reseting my phone (htc one m8) and my Sony smartwatch 3 then all was ok keep up the good work 😀
Some features do not work such as heart rate and wind speed and I can't say how accurate some of the features are...this needs more development.
This is a beautiful face, the only thing it's missing is a functional compass . The addition of a working compass would make it perfect. Would love to see that update.
The step is WAY OFF please fix then rating will be way better
...so far so good!
Fine feature with improve-possible UI
Has crashed a couple of times in the past. Hopefully is/will get more reliable as really like the way phone and watch battery needles 'fall' down to zero and very easy to read time. Only wish I could have the date on the same line as month and year as I can't read the small date circle with my old eyes ::-(
For us +300m Americans, it would be nice to have the 12hr display option. Also, periodically reports a crash dialogue box on my smartphone (why is the app running on my smartphone?). Beautiful design though, one of the best looking watch faces. Hope these issues get addressed!
SO TIRED OF 17 FORCE CLOSES EACH DAY !!!!!!! Guys : I've notified you of this last month and you Still haven't fixed this. 1 Star until Fixed THEN am Easy 5 * watch face! I'm Sick and Tired of telling you this Multiple Times Each and Every day.
This watch face is great, would use it more often if it had a 12 hour option, but why oh God why does it need to crash every half hour, it's insane and really gets in the way of me trying to use my phone...
I have reported this app several times and there has been no fix to it. So, I uninstalled it. If it worked properly, it would be a nice watch face to have on my Nexus 6.
This looks very beautiful and classy on my Sony smartwatch 3. Has worked well for me so far. Did get a couple of crash reports on my phone but when I looked at the watch face, it was still working fine.
Really...really love this watch face but unfortunately it keeps crashing at least 6 times a day. Would have given it 5 stars otherwise. Will be happy to revise rating once the crash issue is rectified.
Crash warnings pop up every hour or so even when the face isn't set. Maddening. Too bad because it is a beautiful design.
Runs in background when not selected as current watch. Crashes several times a day. Nice graphics but unreliable. UPDATE - Gave it another try a year later. Does not work with AndroidWear 2.0. App still crashes in background. (Just now while I was writing this)
My favorite design. But the app crashes are insane... Please work on stability and adding features, step counter. If improved and features added i would be happy to pay for this app. Thanks
I have a Nexus 6P and I am not even using this watch face right now but it keeps crashing.
But it isn't worth the hassle of constant crashes since the latest update. I didn't use the face enough to justify putting up with this. Uninstalling
Why in the world would you make a digital watch face without a 12 hr option? Also its been crashing ALOT.
Uninstalled due to constant crashes. Can't help any more because no information is ever offered in the notification
This is one of my favorites watch faces, but it keeps crashing on my Nexus 6p, I'll wait a few days and see it it gets updated.
This is a great looking watch face and works like a charm but it really is crying out for a 12 hour option.
Needs a lot of love and attention before being replaced.  Fix the problems,  then I'll change the score.
My phone (Nexus 6p) keeps telling me the watchface crashed. Not worth the hassle.
However please optimize it for lg g watch r which has a p-oled display and needs to have a burn in protection in standby. If you do this I will update the rating accordingly. Thanks you in advance.
LG G4 + Moto360, never worked, just constant pop ups telling me it had crashed...
This needs a 12 hour option so desperately. The 24 hour only kills this watch face for me.
My favorite watch until it turns to 1:00pm... I mean 13:00.  Would love the 12 hour option.  Still a 5 star watch face regardless!
Really like the face when the watch is live but on ambient/rest mode, rather than have the dials frozen, just have a black background, displaying only the month/year, time, and day in white.
Crashing on the phone every few hours even if it is not used as watch face. Un installing
Needs a 12 hour option.  Also keep getting message about crashing
I understand it's free, looks great but it would be nice to have the option of military time or 12 format.
Any chance u can fix this app to stop is crashing all the time?
Wish I had a way of changing the seconds hand to tempature or turning it off. It also needs to be able to change from 24hr time.
Unfortunately it crashes on my phone so often it necessary to uninstall
Works pretty well on Moto 360 2. Been rocking it since couple of weeks. No crashes so far.
It keeps crashing. Cannot access page to modify watch face
Great face but constantly crashing. Uninstalled.
don't like getting "crystal watch face stopped working" every 20 min even when my watch isn't with me.
It would be 5 stars if not for that
Could you add an option to switch to 12hr AM/PM clock and remove (or slim down) the digital bezel all around?
Great watch face, apart from the continued crashing. Fix that and its a 5 star app
Doesn't look good on square watches. Polar m600
It's beautiful, but needs a better stand by version, more dark mainly.
Latest version keeps crashing.  No bueno
Really desiring a 12 hour option.
Temperature shown as 500 degree (three digit numbers)  no response to my bug reports many moons later:  bad style.  time for a refund
I like the looks of it but it don't let me connect it to my 360 Moto idk what I'm doing wrong if y'all can help plz n ty
Temperature in forecast says it's going to be 523 degrees in the next few hours and a high of 618 tomorrow. I hate to be a skeptic, but I don't think that's accurate.
Problem with tge backround colour staying the colour i choose  it reverts to green immediately no matter what I do. I did try uninstalling and reinstalling does the same thing
As above and  o complaints works well with lg  round watch and also moto 360 gen 1
drains battery like crazy. Found next day when it's too late for refund
Work's very well with my LG Urbane doesn't work on my new Nixon the Mission
Like the face but it will not stay the color I picked.
Love it
Kills watch battery and causes the watch to go slow (Moto360). Also even with GPS on the altitude and speed never worked.
Like the other reviews, this watch does drain the battery pretty fast.
Its not working in my moto 360
Only real complaint is power consumption.
High-tech Style , very useful
Has black bar on watch for LG urbane, when I first got this app it did not have moto 360 in the name,please fix
Works well so far. I had a slip up with a different watch from them, but this proved to be well worth the money. Having all that info on your wrist is pretty useful.
Looks great and provides a lot of cool info but the battery drain is the worst I've ever seen and makes it unusable, about 45% gone in 3 hours.
Top notch style and features. Does drain the battery a bit faster that other faces, but for all it does and how great it looks, it's worth it!
The percentage of battery indicator of mobile is not same as watch.  And does it have the setting about the 2nd time zone (zulu time)? thanks
I love this watch face. I'm not sure it can get any cooler than this.
Looks really nice. Not tested battery life though yet
The watch didn't change the time when I moved from Denver, Colorado to Guymon, Oklahoma. It had to add an hour since I change the time zone. It did in my cellphone, but I had to reload the watchface in order to get the right time.
It's so complete content on my moto 360. So futuristic
Great watch face but weather display is broken. Moto 360 1st gen does not display weather info. Updated... Fixed weather. Wooohooo
Love the watch face. Lots of great info. Watch can be used for planning
Awesome
This is an awesome watch face with tons of information. It does drain battery somewhat but you can change some settings to help negate the effect.
A generally good looking watch face with a lot of information in a way that is for the most part relatively easy to read. There are other watch faces that look nicer but I like this one because of the balance of data it provides.
Waste of money drains battery on moto360 from 80% to 19% in 2 hours.
When a watch face chews through 90% battery in under 2 hours - regardless of how nice it is, it's awful.
I finally got it working STILL need a refund on the mistaken face purchases
Ensuring works except for weather. It worked in the beginning but not anymore. Please fix this.
This fits the Moto 360 perfectly. I would like the option to have it display the high temperature and then low temperature. It's currently showing the low temperature before the high temperature for tomorrow forecast.
phone battery meter on watch face not accurate!
Shows up tiny and off center on my Huawei
Just the best face ever
Best geek watch face
Purchased this and another face from the same company. It does not show in my android wear app. I emailed the support with no response yet. I cannot give a good rating if I cannot even use the face...update..I had to restart my phone and the app and it works now.  Very cool watch face.  I had to turn off the heart rate monitor because of battery drain but that is minimal..thanks for the quick response as well.
This is absolutely the most gorgeous functional watch face out and I want to love it so much but it eats battery all else seems to be going well
First day of use and my battery is at 6% after 8 hours. Wish I could get a refund.
Absolutely love the color customization. Fantastic face.
Looking really nice, good job!
Slight lag in the flames when scrolling notifications, otherwise cool!
Colors could be more vibrant. Sometimes it's hard to tell foreground and background apart on the watch face even though the color pickers show clearly distinctly colors.
But icon will not come up on S5 screen & d/load notice won't say "open now" - am stuck.  Help
That is widget or wallpaper
Can you make this into a phone clock widget? Nice looking design.
Would be a 5 star if it had the same great functionality like led with weather.  E.g. Step count and interactive display.  And auto location doesn't work.
This is what I've been looking for. I think it's the most similar to digital watch.
GDG events and related information are organized and easy to access. 👍
Lot of bugs... Please fix it..
This is a must have app as a GDG organizer. Thanks for making this.
Impossible to retrieve chapter list. Get error could not refresh chapter lists
The logos need to be updated wid da new ones...
It always choose my account if i click right channel every time
Liking the material design work!
Love seeing all content together
When i have no Internet connection I cannot read even already uploaded information because application tries to connect to Google Play Games Services. It is either annoying, and not convenient at all. Shouldn't it be doing in the background?
I really loved it.. but I wish GDG pulse would also work :-(
Уря =)
Awwsome overall ... needs to be worked on stability
Nice to have branded app!
very good but I never get any notifications when something is posted.
A great companion to anyone who attends GDG meetups.
Thanks for that! My only suggestion at this timr is to show events in descending order.
I do like this app
Excellent
Rarely displays content. Shows a blank screen most of the time. Crashes of I try going to settings or any of the menus.
Cool
As a GDG lead I love how this app brings things together for me. The gamification also adds a nice element of fun to a more productive centered application. Also love how it's open source.
Gps drained my battery and phone could not sleep.
Cuando se abre a los pocos segundo se cierra. HTC One Android 4.3
Crashes on startup
Very cool


The app doesn't really do a lot right now, but it is very convenient to keep track of what's going on in your local GDG. The interface is beautiful too :)
The UI is adaptive to my phone screen andb this increases my productivity cus I browse the GDG sites faster now
It's just awesome. I love this app because it made me more connected and informed about my local GDG. It's pretty awesome.
Parim võimalus oola terves maailmas koos .
AWESOME App :D
Paráda! :-)
Why do you need the permission to retrieve my running apps?
Thank you guys!  Greetings from Sonora and Sinaloa at Mexico!
The update fixed video crashes in landscape mode
freezes out ..... nt wrking fr me ....
Very nice app, great design, waited for a long time for something like this.
Awesome!
Good content but still need to be optimized. When browsing topic to another, app is freeze.. timeout
Only purchased this because I'm a live sound engineer and this is the only audio related face i can get on my watch. This face needs more detailed meters and information for a paid watch face. Should include at least a Battery level, another meter to make minutes more accurate, maybe a few faders or eq knobs to show dates/temp. Maybe a gain control or something off a channel on a mixer. This 3 meter should be free for the lack of functionality and features. Needs much improvement.
Not good for the actual time as mins are in mutiples of five. But is kinda works
As a professional audio engineer, I am looking forward to those updates to come out to make this face worth my money.
I know its kind of a tech demo, but it still looks pretty good!
Simple N informative as required. Does not kill the battery.
Resolved issues, Therfore I would say that this is a well functioning app and watch face
Just another crapshoot lead in to find out you don't get any options in the free version. I really wish you guys could figure out a time limited full version so I can truly test the app. These waste people's time because frankly the free version of the watch is ugly.
3rd one I bought from DeNitE. Support our Canadian Dev. I don't need access to thousands of watch faces, most of which are just ugly and  useless. I just need couple nice ones to suit my taste. Thank you.
Moto 360 2nd Gen  Xcellent!!!!!
Great options and great looking watch
Looks great
Really nice watch face, fully customisable and providing good battery life in always on mode.
Good
Love it
Sweet love it
I like the app a lot but I don't seem to have to see the detailed view. I only ever see an elapsed timer and not the total time played or the total stoppages.  No amount of pausing and restarting changes anything. The only swipe action I have is to swipe left where i see actions to pause, stop (which becomes restart after it has stopped), or block app.
I really love this app.  I'm a soccer referee and this is almost exactly what I was looking for.  My ideal app would have a Countdown timer option as well.  That way I would know exactly how much time is left in regulation time vs added time.  Thank You for this.
Nothing mind blowing!
...force closes when trying to reach settings from Android Wear app. Android 4.4.4 and ZenWatch
Clean, simple, functional. Lasts a full day on Gear Live watch.  Well done.
But for those who don't care about saving battery, full ambient mode would be nice.
I use to love this watch face.  It doesn't appear to work properly on Wear 2.0. I can't customize which background I get.
I love this watch face but it crashes over and over at least once a day at random times.
LG Watch Sport look awesome with your watch face. THX guys! you do your best
I think its awesome,  thanks
I like the look and how easy it is to read.  I would like to see the position of the month and day of the week switched, though.  I think it's more important to have the day of the week in large text, than to have the month show up there.
Love the watchface. One nice new feature would be a setting that changes the color once a day.
I don't understand certain things on screen that seems they have no function  just effects of color. It would be better if it were interactive.
Great face. Looks cool on the zenwatch 2
Nice and bright love the futuristic look, very cool ☆☆☆☆☆
Like Tony Stark
Great watch face. Looks really cool and info is shown well. My only criticism is that the sector view can only be used to show hours or months, both of which are fairly redundant since the same info can be seen by just looking at the time or date. I think a good use for this bar would be to show a timer counting down or to show seconds.  Update: I recently went on a flight and I found a slight issue with this. When the time is updated by the phone. The sector view is updated but the hour stays the same as before it received the update. So after a 2 hour time change my sector view was at 6 bars and the actual time shown was 4 o clock.
Love it! One of the greats
I noticed that the ambient outline mode is no longer available is there a reason it was dropped?
Phone battery not tracking; works on other faces but also not with 3 others from same developer. Turbo 2 and moto 360; fixed
Since the last update the phone battery is not synchronized. Always at 0. Other watchfaces do not have this problem. I use LG G4 with LG G watch R
Installed on Gear S2 by accident and it worked!
Moto x first gen running Android 4.4.4 - refunded -
Of all the watch faces I've tried this has to be my favorite,  not really had any issues with it what so ever
Missing phone call and messages counter and weather
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Great Dev. Quick to respond to my issue. Fixed within a day.
One of my favorites.
Looks really good, but in ambient mode the face was shifted off the screen while trying to move it to avoid burn in.
Time in sand
Nice looking face. Everything I am looking for in a watch.
I've tried quite a lot, and this is a keeper. Using SW3
Literally, my favorite watch face on Android Wear. Would love to see the option to change the color of the hands, though.
Отличные часы ,не жрут батарейку.
Great quality!
This is my daily driver. Liongate make some of the best watch faces out there.
Please add 0000 for the military time  users.
Best Face on the Market!
EDIT: If battery stops working, uninstall and reinstall. Fixed it for me. Couple things could make it better. Option to change the highlight (second hand color), and an option to increase the gray/digital color brightness (seems a little too dim to be legible at times). Also, adding the ability to select the default brightness for the ambient would be nice. Keep up the great work! I really enjoy the Liongate faces.
Great watch face, but since there are no options for us to play around with; For the ambient mode, 'Full watch face' should have a black background and no yellow hands. That should help increase some battery life. The dark grey background means the watch is emitting some light, for amoled watches a black background would mean no background light = extra power. If that could be made possible it would be amazing! Thanks dev
Really cool watchface with awesome design. Would give it 5 stars if there was a bit more customization options. Digital watch in the background is hard to see.. Option to adjust the color for it would earn 5 stars from me. Other than that it's perfect.
I bought this watchface because of the black and white ambient mode that it showed on the watchmaster app but once you download it ir doesn't come with it? Will you guys add it soon?!
Can you guys make the back ground a little bit brighter so it's easier to see outside . And maybe change color as well.  Thank you for a great watch face. Keep up the great work developers
Wish there was local weather... But more importantly, I cannot change ambient mode display nor select 24 clock. Anyone else encountering this? Please fix. Using Moto 360.
Very pleasing face but I find the digital display too dim to read. It would be nice if we could change the colour of the hands. Overall though very nice.
Great looking watch face. Would be a great addition if you could change the color of the hands. Overall a very clean face.
Love the watch face, but I wish I could change the color of the arms!!!
This face is awesome but very limited in options, add the ability to adjust some of the design elements and you've got a winner. Until then it's slightly overpriced.
Love the look, great on battery life! Would give it 5 stars if we had the ability to change the color of the second hand and make the background clock/text/hour & minute hands bolder or lighter in color so they stand out more...
Very happy with this design on my moto 360 looks the nuts! One of my favourite ones..just hope these are good on battery use!
The digital clock in the background should be brighter
These watch faces are killer! Beautiful and stunning artwork. Thumbnail doesn't do justice because these look amazing. Had difficulty loading one and the creator is a very nice fella who got back to me right away. Will certainly grab few more faces from Titan they really are great. Thanks so much
These guys, these guys though. Had a problem they be all cool said we gotta fix it. Cool London vibe, I use it to impress girls that really dig London.
Love this and the other city faces available! (A Toronto face would be cool, hint hint)
Great watch face definitely recommend it. Looking forward to seeing more watch faces by sol. 화이팅
I really like the design.  The bus and cab are so cute that I sometimes just stare at them instead of time :) But I will like it more if it can show the difference between day and night.  I think the night of London will be beautiful on my watch ;-)
The design I thought was basic at first. But after a day using it I love it. It isn't over done
Beautiful faces that are so different than what's out there to buy for your watch. It is customizable. Works perfect for a Gen 2 Fossil Android.
Huawei watch great design awesome  halloween watch thanks for this as well as all the designs you do
so cool and funny. animation is amazing. love it
I would like the option for a watch battery widget.
Love the reto look and the response to getting an update to suite my Sony SW3 was second to none.. Great job.
Good watch face, just need to ability to configure the face on my phone and controller the brightness levels.
Partial to a bit of retro, this watch face is the business! Looks great.
No face is worth screen burn in
This takes me back to the early 80's....good job 👍
Great app works well, no issues, given some feedback which has led to further improvement, very quick response which is great, thanks!
Nice to see a developer care about feedback, I asked for more colors, literally one day later got more colors, best face ever!
Fantastic watchface, fantastic developer responsiveness! Now awesome with the addition of the "Month & Year" option for the face. I need no other watchface!
It's a nice upgrade from the free version, but it wasn't selectable from the watch. I had to select it from my phone to get it to show up on the watch .. not sure why. Still really happy with this watch face.
Great looking watch face, I like the 2 switchable sections, wouldn't mind seeing a 'month' option for selection. Fantastic overall.
The active display version is basically just a whiteout version. It looks bad and there's not enough black pixels to save battery.
Love the look but why the location permissions?
You would figure that if you paid for an app that there would be a companion app installed on your phone to at least give you the illusion that you have some control over the the settings of said app. But the developers apparently figured that they were smarter than me and I am at their mercy. Being some who usually NEVER pays for apps, I am genuinely disappointed.
Please add an option to display the date. It looks Esther bad the way it just jumps from one minion to another most of the time when coming from the black and white ambient mode. The change needs to be animated so it's not so jarring or change it only once per hour or something.
Installed with no problem on Sony Smartwatch 3.  Sorry can't help with install as it was just there after about 30 to 40 seconds, I know some times you need to disconnect your watch and re connect it to get things to work; have had to do this on other apps . If it had the date and steps would give it 5. Perhaps a new update soon with more minions?? Please
It looks nice and the animations are cool. But there's nothing you can customize. And the time is placed at roughly the same spot as where "OK Google" appears (on a round watch). Which makes it difficult to see the time.
The animations are great. The numerals for time, although quite small, are still legible both in awake and ambient modes. Minions turn into line drawings in ambient mode to save battery.   I wish it showed the date!
Love having the Minions on my Moto 360. It''s just a tad ever so slightly laggy but I bet it will be fixed in the next update. Hoping to see the developers release even more of these guys. Favorite is the coffee hyped minion!
Firstly i think its a bit unfair people rating it one star simply because they couldnt install it/find it. No issues here.  Love the screen off and on modes, animations are great, too.  They can be a little repetitive and it would be great to see some new ones added, for this reason and the price i think 4 stars is perfectly reasonable!
I've installed, Uninstalled, restarted phone AND watch several times and it doesn't load on my LG G watch R. After Uninstalling and reinstalling several times, it finally showed up.
Installed twice on moto x and I have the moto 360. Cannot find the watch face anywhere even after restarting my watch. Not appearing on the watch, on the android wear app, or the moto connect app for me to select.... Help!
I have been trying to find on my Samsung gear and phone for a month, contacted developer twice for help and they never reply! Save your money!!!
But it makes my Huawei Watch rally laggy for some reason?  No other watch face makes my watch lag but this one does...
Great watch face with funny animations! Always brought a smile to my face! And please people, any complaints from Samsung Gear S users, please DO READ that this watchface is for ANDROID WEAR not TIZEN
The watch face looks great and i really love those little animations of the minions in my watch. I feel time position is little bit awkward. Could you please rearrange time position in the watch. Until then 4 stars for the app. If possible please add more minions 😂
I have restarted my watch twice and my phone once. I have also tried to re-sync apps on my watch multiple times. It still isn't showing up. Will adjust rating if I can get it to show up. I'm using an LG G Watch on 5.1.1.                                                                      EDIT: I really like the look. Would give it 5 stars if date and battery indicator were added. Please add!
I had to uninstall and re-install in order to get it to show up.  I also thought there was a way to configure some options - I guess not.  Good for what it is.  I do wish there were some options such as animation times, how often to change minions, maybe some weather.
I'm not sure who likes this more, me or the kids. Both the active and power save modes are cool and easy to read the time on my Sony smartwatch 3.
Like it, great for children at work but needs a date and battery meter. And for Moto 360 tends to obscure part if face. Possible to push time to the side?
Maybe you could add some settings like how often it changes, or if you want to stay on one minion. Great start!   a seconds indicator would also be greatly appreciated.  Also, the date would be great.
Would love to see more graphics. Also the minions don't move when the screen turns on, that would be nice. They only turn on if I enter and exit a menu
A Google store person said I needed Android Wear on my Verizon Samsung G2 to use this watch face. Getting Android Wear to work was a NightMare which, among other things, required chats, emails & a factory reset of my watch. After All That the watch face still doesn't show up - and, I have to un/re-install everything I had before this started. I'm sure it's really great.  I love Minions & would love to be able to use it. Developers: if you're out there: Help Me
Sure, it may not have lasting value (er, I might get sick of it after a while), but for a 99 cent investment, I've gotten well enough smiles from it already :).
So for those of you who are able to get it to work, how about a lil input on how you did it.  I also can not get it to work on my gear.  If you have the answers.. please share!
Have downloaded,  not on my gear s,  have refunded and Re downloaded and still no where,  have Re started phone and watch.  Absolutely crap,  don't waste your time and pence
Its nowhere, the developer is a fraud !!! My watch runs 5.1.1 and I downloaded the watch face yesterday and its not showing in the watch and even in the android wear app. I have restarted my watch and phone several times and also factory resetted the watch but its not syncing. I have written 2 emails already and no replies. If this goes on , I will register a case on the developer of fraud. Terribly disappointed !
Kids love it. The minions should always be animated and not static when the watch face turns on. The animations make this a great watch face not the pictures of a minion.
This app brightens up my day ever time I look at my watch.
Lots of adorable minions, doing cute things. I do wish we could see the date too though. Otherwise this is a great face.
After both resyncing apps to watch, and rebooting phone and watch and then resyncing apps the watch face still does not show, at least the refund was easy enough to get.
Can't see this at all and is not available to add to my watch.   I waited past the refund point so I guess yolks on me.
I would keep this as my default watch face if I could set it to 24 hour format and if the date (at least day and day of the week) was visible somewhere.
Add 24 hour format and date. It should be a no brainer
I love the idea for this app! I work with kids and they love to see my watch and I'd love to have this with the kids. But I have the gear S and can't get this. Make gear A compatible please!! Then 5 stars!
Delightful watch face. Works great on my Moto360  running Android OS 5.1.1. The ambient watch face is also nicely done. I wish the face had more features such as displaying the watch battery level. Worth the money spent.
Its good! You guys that can't find it, check ur Android wear app, that's where I found mine. Then set it as ur watch face
Can't find it once installed. Tried twice. Moto 360 5.01
Can't find the app on my Samsung Gear 2 SM-R732.
I can't work out how to get it on to my Samsung gear watch.
Updated to 5.0.1 and it didn't show up in watch faces. Restated my watch and there it was. Great watch face!
Minions on my wrist! What more can I say!
It's just a really fun clock. It would be really cool if they add even more animations and some customization. I love it though. It's worth it!
Very good looking face and no probs yet
Hijack lock screen and so many popup ads phone becomes unuseable
Absolute waste
Installer highjacked my homepage and started playing video ads.,..stay away

Does show up anymore on my Moto 360, uninstalled.
😉😉
Barely any customisations
Very cute animations, my 4 month old loves it. But the step counter just keeps going up, doesn't reset each day. Seems a bit of a major flaw for a smart watch face? Don't mind paying for the full version but step counter needs to be fixed first.
This is a cute idea, makes my watch a little laggy, which is my main complaint. Secondary complaint is that you have to buy a game and play it in order to change the watch faces. Nice idea, maybe I'll check it again later.
I purchased some faces 3 days ago and now there missing.  It wants me to purchase it again,  that's not right!
But the step count just keeps going up?!  Am I missing something?
I can't connect to my smart watch help me.
Does it work on dz09 smart watch?
Haven't checked for battery life yet
faces are sweet.
My robot is so cute!
Like it
Pretty neat
Great little watchface that encourages movement to get more play moves to complete the puzzles. the watchfaces are very cute for kids and some of us adults! :) Really like what the devs did for this. especially encouraging physical activity to get more moves. high five! lg g watch here, and no problems.
This has to be in the top 10 best watch faces. It's fun and interactive.  It's better than some faces,  one has to buy. Love it.  P.s. I love very little.
Continuously crashes on my watch saying "Roboclock watchface has stopped". I tried resyncing all apps. I'll update the rating once this starts working.
Currently my favorite. Gave it 4 stars as it does not display paces and/or distance as described (minor issue for me at least). Please add phone battery 🔋 on the left side. Sony SmartWatch 3.
Cool watch face! Would like to see others like this one.
Cute animation
Application
⏰🆗Nice
First time I feel I need to give stars. With so many watch faces,and they all look similar. Works, looks perfect on lg round.
I really like this watch face; very configurable and the animation is smooth. Had a small bug when I first bought it, and the developer was very responsive and fixed it quickly.
It's not working at all on my Asus Zenwatch. I expected better. Please update and fix because I like the minimalistic and animation heavy idea for the watch face.
Great idea. Constant crashing
Would love this app if it worked..
Overall, one of the best designs I've seen. Very sleek, and functional. Ambient colors and design could be improved, but overall awesome face. I have problems on my Moto 360 2nd gen, where trying to close a secondary screen (like options or weather), I have to tap just above the "X" icon to close. Tapping the actual close button does nothing. Please look into this.
Probably the best watch face I've come across to date. Great if we could see more watch faces from VizorWatch with the calender notifications included around the clock and more visual features such as an RSS feed scroll somewhere on the watch face and more animation features.
This is by far my favorite watch face. It looks great and adds a lot of cool functionality.
The watch looks great, sunset and Sunrise would be a nice add. I also feel like my watch battery drains faster while using this watch. My thoughts, still deserve 5* for nice design
In the description it states 12/24 hour time but it will cost you to change it.  The temp is centigrade only.  I can't use it as it is. 12/30/15 Thank you for the info to change C to F. I just re-read the description and on my copy it does state: "12 time, 24 Time, Battery level....."
Looks like a cool face, but when I download it it doesn't show up anywhere on my watch or phone.
Not installing in my xiomi redme note 4
Nice, but delay
Functional. Beautiful. Neat. Lots of information without cluttering the face. Simply brilliant.

Love the design. with all functions at your fingertips.
Great watch face, really impressed
Budd
Nisar
Excellent
Good
Cool
... On my moto at least, the ambient display is way too hard to see. If it could either show a larger version of the digital display ("pujie style") in dimmed, or just better contrast with the analog hands it would be perfect (and I'd shell for the premium version, eh which I might do anyway!)
Edit: bought the paid version.      I saw the post for this on G+ so thought why not, it's free.  This thing is absolutely stunning. Where's the "buy me a beer" link? The weather, calendar I simply can't say enough about it.  Simply fantastic.
I've been looking around and swapping faces a lot then I found this. It has everything I need onscreen. My favourite so far.
The look and functions of this is extremely neat. Possibly my my new favorite watch face.
Very useful with awesome design and interface.
Ok.
One of the Best apps
Abnan
Useless
Fair play, you guys really know who to do classy looking watch faces that work well on smartwatches don't you? I've been looking for a decent one with Roman Numerals. White or Black? Can't decide...
I really like the way it look, only problem is I wish they had a second had "sweep"  option, I prefer the automatic watch feel
My go-to watch face when I want my watch to look like a classy time piece. Top 3, hands down.
Really very nice. Been lucky to find one
Very classy!
Looks great
Very Nice
Very nice formal look.
Great Job
Great design, as others have said. It is a little pixelated, most likely display limitations. But I would also love to be able to change the color of the second hand.
One of my favorites.
Pixels everywhere.
Need a jet black background to take advantage of the lg watch r oled display plus make the second ticker red instead the minute ticker.
simple and great, thanks for sharing the source
Awesome
This is great, however, I really don't like the ambient mode.  I think it would look so much better and be easier to read by getting rid of the background dots and just showing the time.
Really responsive developers. It looks great on my watch, lots of customization settings. Lots of potential.
Not just the same boring watchface, it's like a mini C64 demo on your wrist
It's great because I don't have to go to my calendar on my moto 360
I was ripped off buying this watchface.  Nothing you save goes to the watch.
I see no need for the wind monitor or whatever the eye is detecting. Please give an option not to see those.
Totally not worth it. Doesn't work at all!❌❌❌
Better than Pro version. Can change C to F temperature but not meters to feet. Can change face color.
This watchface consumes lots of battery on  my phone.
Just love it! I am a developer, and thats the watch face I've been looking for.  EDIT: Aniket, i showed to everybody here (at the startup) today, and they went crazy about it haha
Wow...just wow I'm a Dev and this is just perfect for me and I love that the background colors hex value is updated by the time..so cool great job dev!!
I really like the design. Unfortunately the stopwatch pauses when entering ambient mode, which makes it useless.
I h ave a new Pioneer smart watch AT&T.   Couldn't  the app to load. Very  disappointing.
One more Superb watchface .. simply loved this one too.. Thanks..
Nice Work
Looks awesome! Love it
Love this watch face. Please upload something more
Love this watch face. Please make an option for digital clock.
Looks really great on my Huawei 2. Highly customizable watchface, lots of information you can have displayed. If you have trouble getting it on your watch, it does take a bit, so be patient (I know 2017 and all, go outside maybe?). Well worth my 2 bucks.
Had some difficulty getting this face onto my watch but well worth the trouble.  Really enjoy all the personalization options and it doesn't seem to hemorrhage battery power like some of the other faces I tried.
Look, it's a gorgeous watch face, but I refunded because I only see the ambient display for about 3 seconds when I look at the watch. I have to stare at the face for  a while before the full watch face actually displays. If there's a setting I missed, or this is fixed, I will re-buy.
Can see the face on my watch but have no settings available I also don't see any companion app on my phone to sync with, the design is nice but would like the customization for it.
When using this face, connection between the phone and watch is not 100% in sync I don't have a problem with My other faces with this! S7edge with Sony sw3
So once I figured out how to get all the features to work, its a nice watch face...
I cannot find it on my watch can anyone help.
Glitches out and crashed my watch I have a zenwatch 2
Looks great, highly customization, great ambient mode. -2 stars for the heart rate and step counter widgets constantly showing 0
Very sleek. It would be perfect if the time on the always on screen were bigger (or at least adjustable).
New favorite watchface!
I love it. Just one gripe. The battery indicator is slightly off center to the right, where it should be smack dab in the center. Not sure how to fix it.
I am rather pleased with this watch-face. It goes well with the black metal band on my Moto 360(2nd gen). However, it would be extremely useful if one could add a secondary time-zone to the face.
Great that you can change colours etc but the battery level shown on watch (Sony sw3) is miles out to phone (Sony Z5). Also won't change to square shape on watch after changing on phone.
Keeps glitching out and going full black and unresponsive on the huawei watch.
I have this and other face watches for my Moto 360, but now I have a gear s3 and it would great if the author would make it for that watch. I wouldn't mind buying them again for it.
Can you please stop making these gorgeous watch faces?  I can't just keep blowing money like this.  Awesome work man!!!
Excellent for zenwatch 2!
Works great I customized it And it looks sick
It's perfect now, thanks!
Battery hog
Has it all
Battery seems to be impacted. Can't even get a whole day anymore, even without Ambient mode enabled. :/ Edit: Seems the battery issues are fixed for me! Thank you!
This is a great watch face with a ton of customizations. The only suggestion I have is to have one extra face added to the type (Square/Circle) modes for the watch which would be the "Flat Tire" look for all Moto watches.
App widgets and savable presets, the new version has everything it needs now.
Great watch face has everything and really cool design! Love that it displays battery level for both watch and phone! Adjusting colors was a little difficult to do and sometimes had do it twice to take effect. Weather worked great which for me is often a problem with other faces. Over all best watch face I have used period!! Nice Job
Started out with your NAVI watch (which I still like) and decided to upgrade to this. Once again, the colors are very bright and don't diminish the quality of numbers/text. As for the glow? What a wonderful bonus to make the face stand out even more. ☺  P.S. There's a tiny problem with the digital clock. When I swipe up for a notification card, my clock is moved to the top of the screen as well. When I swipe down from the middle, it goes back to the bottom?
I got this watch face because I thought it looked awesome, however it's always stuck in "day mode" so I just have a white watch face with white letters and I can't see anything.  EDIT: after continuing to use this face I decided to change my rating. The settings don't save, as soon as you close Android wear and reopen the app they have all reverted.  Definitely would get a refund if I could
The design is great and i love it. The ambient also great, not blocky like some other watchfaces. However please fix the phone battery display, mine was stuck at 70%. Picking other watchfaces and repick doesn't work either. Weather info not visible.
All settings are vague.. Don't know what they mean.. Because they never save.. I don't see any difference. Going back to settings shows no change! If fixed.. I will improve rating. If I could.. I would refund. Some setting work on phone. But ambient is hardly visible on sw3. Energy save vs mono or color no difference.
Day/Night handles color contract badly. Can't have battery gauges and text percentage at same time (like screenshot). It   should work as advertised out of the box. Refunded.
I like this one :-) All the readings seem to work and you can customise the colours of everything. The ambient mode is clean and simple and just works.  I would like to be able to choose to see steps or distance instead of battery life but it's a small thing.  I've tried a lot of watchfaces lately and this is definitely one of my favourites
Watch face looks amazing on my Moto 360 and I love that it can be customized.  UPDATE.  Tha Phlash is awesome at customer service, he pushed out an update shortly after I notified him of issues with this watch face and it's been rock solid since.  Thank you!
Great watch face, but could you remove the leading zero for single digit hours?  It's inappropriate for 12 hour time. EDIT: Leading zero option added!  Thanks!
After installing the latest version the configuration crashed. But after clear instructions from the author of this watchface it works perfectly again. Thanks a lot for your help Tha PHLASH
Bought this for my motorcycle 360. Uninstalled multiple times but the app is no where to be found. It's also not found inside Android wear app.  But apparently it started to showed up after an hour. I have no idea why. But overall its quite a nice watch face
This is my new favorite watch face.  One thing I'd like to see is the ability to customise the "STATION" at the top.   You're the bomb Tha PHLASH. Keep it up!
One of the best wear watches out there. Design nails it. Everything you would need in a glance. Only one recommendation, please allow for background color change. I wish i would have full black background.
Seems that it drains battery twice faster than standard Huawei's watchfaces.
Makes the Moto 360 2nd gen run slow + digi clock position is incorrect and removing it will not work.
Got the watchface to install, and it is very pretty and simple. Unfortunately, the given (and only changeable) function to change the time format from 12-hr to 24-hr doesn't work. The time format still stays the same regardless of what you select.
Watchface did not appear under available watch faces
paid for pro,  and every time I try to use it and make adjustments to the settings it just asks me to pay for pro again?
bought the pro version and it doesn't work don't waste your money or rime
The tardis looks great
Its okay but the issue i have is the time covers up where notifications show on the watch when its in standbys mode so your seeing white text over white text.  That's my only flaw.  I own a Hauwei Smart watch.    The tardis watchface looks bright and bold especially when in standbys mode.  I have yet to try the sonic screwdrivers yet but from what I see, I have a winner.
I love the Tardis opening to show different characters,  but sometimes it gets stuck and I can't get it to show the time!   Fix that and it would be perfect!
Nice detail, but peek cards cover up the date and part of the time.
Ok , but time covers up half the TARDIS.. and the screwdriver ones look a bit off center
I like it, but I can't figure out how to change to 24-hour time. Will have to come back to this when that's working.
Not compatible with moto g
Not compatible with Galaxy Gear 2.
Love these watch faces! Live the little detail in the tardis one too!
very happy with this watch face!  perfect for using on Saturdays when episodes come out!
It's a great app 10 out 10
Plz make new Tardis Exterior And Screwdriver.
I'm digging it.....
Very cute!
It was splendid
This is a great watch face! Is there anyway to have a battery indicator in one of the corners of the TARDIS face? Or maybe the blinking light could be a rough gauge of sorts when the watch is dim? I think I found the Easter egg but can't remember what it is?
I noticed that when in ambient mode on my G watch R, the whole face was still lit, and it really causes a dent in battery life, it would be nice if the empty bits were off instead of a fake black
I had a problem where I couldn't get the faces to show up, the Dev quickly replied and helped me figure it out. These are the types of people we need more of. Thank you!
7 stars if you're working on more faces! P.S, I wave the sonic screwdriver faces over locked doors and they remain locked. Please look into this.
I love all three of the watch faces! It also helps that the developer is fantastic and responded to my emails so quickly! Again, really nice job with this! Keep up the good work!
In that there is no disruption of the reminders or notifications,  while still showing the time and date! 😊😀
Just downloaded it. Love it. I would like to request a low bit mode for the G Watch though, if that's a possibility. Great work!
Would like to be able to set 24 hour Revised: Now 5 stars since the recent update added 24 hour time. Excellent response from the Dev.
I was so excited when I first downloaded this app! However as I was scrolling through my apps I realized I couldn't find it- anywhere. I looked on my home page and it wasn't there. I'm deleting this app.
Not working for my Moto 360
I love this watch face, needed for any who loves the Doctor!
Add the weather and it would be better or add a better tardis
Great watch face for whovians,  still have not found the easter eggs but keeping my eyes open.  Only thing to make it better would be a 24 hr display option
Love the tardis watch gave on my google watch. You made my day as I could never find a watch face I liked
This looks awesome on my G Watch, thanks to the developer!
Timey Whimey (I think thats how you spell it :S)
Molto bene!
Timey Wimey!
Can't decide between the 10th Doctor's screwdriver or the 12th's?  No problem...switch back and forth between the two.  Or maybe stick with the classic TARDIS!  A wonderful watch face to keep up with all the timey wimey details.
Wow! What a perfect watch face for Whovians like me.  Made by the wonderful and talented artist, Virginia Poltrack.  Get it! What are you waiting for?!? Allonsy!
Amazing app I've been looking for.  Just can't figure out the easter eggs.  :(  I'll keep trying though!
Great job on this app! Much need for us whovians!
Congratulations! You made an awesome app!
Would be great a 24h option 🙋
I will be sporting this tomorrow night at Disney with my Timelord shirt
This is my 1st review of an app... TimeWear Plus is by far the best timer app for any type of exercise.  I do Not have to have my phone with me on the gym floor,  Yaaaa!!!!  The developers are Awesome and respond and take into account any questions and suggestions.
Does exactly what I need. I use it on my Moto360 for air pistol practice and matches. Needed multiple presets for different types of exercises. Run this timer for 90 mins (match duration) - no negative impact on my watch battery. I like that I still get all my email and Google Now notifications while running the timer. Would be nice to have an option to change vibration when the timer ends.
Limited to just 3 different intervals
When ever I picked my pic it never sends it's so dumb  I just wish I could rate 0 ça va mal pas possible
Working on Sony3. Can load any image including pix I take to match an outfit to watchface. Thank you!
This is one of the coolest android wear apps I have come across.
I won't send the image to my smartwatch
No
It was awful it would not let me search any of my images
When i tried to send image if wouldn't let me
Kanchan
Bs
I love this watch face but I hate that there is no option to switch from 24hr time to 12hr. Thats my only complaint. Besides that this is an amazing watch face.
I agree with most everyone else. You need to give the option between 12 and 24 hr formats.
Only has 24 hour option
Would like to see some customization.
Works great
Bunch of adults who still can't read 24 hr format time. Get over it. Nice watch face!
I'd like a option to have the glitch go on/off at set time intervals when the screen is on instead of only the option of when it turns on. I'd also like options to show the watch and phone battery levels and a digital clock option along with options to leave some of the glitch fx on all the time when watch is on (scan lines) I'd also like to be able to edit how long the watch hands are in analogue and change the speed of the sweeping scanner effect and have a ticking option for the second hand.
Very cool watchface!  A retro-futuristic style.  One expression comes to my mind: "RED ALERT!" :)  The graphics are very smooth (looks like 60 fps to me!).  Tons of options, but I like the default.  Well done.
The inner geek is coming out. Could add some geeky animation of whatever you can get away with without Nintendo knocking on your door.
Crushing on my sony mart watch 3 when the screen goes dark please fix
Despite installation on sony zl it doesn't get installed on watch 3 even though it is connected to my cell. I have bought this app and now its of no use as unavailable on my watch. Please help or refund the money.
Fan-Tas-Tic!  Blown away. My favourite settings are: Electron speed a little faster than default, and both Circuit Intensity & Electron Intensity one notch dimmer than default, and the date dragged down to the bottom of the screen as in the photos (use the Custom Date Position for this).
I was skeptical at first about it but after reading the reviews I gave it a chance! I love the customizable colors and circuit intensity... Only thing I would love to see on here is battery life for either the watch and/or phone... Other then that I love it!
Sucks alot of battery on moto 360.  30 minutes of being off the charger my battery went from 100% to 75%
Everyone I've shown this watch face to thinks it's so cool. These unique and imaginative watch faces are what Android Wear is all about. Go suck on my electrons Apple Watch!
Elegant and simple. I would love to see different a regular digital font but that's just a suggestion. Also, an analog watch face with the animated circuit would be a really cool addition.
I would REALLY love it if there was an option to show date on wake, but hide the date in standby.  Nice work!
Watch face never showed up in my android wear watch face App or on my zen watch2
When in active mode, the contrast of the watch face makes it difficult to make out the actual time.
Looks great but no customization on Sony smart watch 3... Found it. Didn't find it very clear though.
is it configurable on moto360 2nd gen? since no option found.. update: fixed, option found below settings icon after reboot
I wanted a simple watch face that told me what day of the week it is...Finally my search is over.Thank you!
Looks amazing! Options to customize are awesome as well! Great watch face
Beautiful watch face. Runs smooth and isn't a battery drain. I just really wish it had a battery percentage option.
Fantastic well worth the money,great features easy setup love it
Looks cool, but it needs weather information.
Best
Good
But would like the option to not have the leading zero…
Update: just updated to new version and battery life seems to have increased greatly.... Previous review: Great watch face, but terrible battery drain since Wear 5.0. Please update to new API
Way ahead of he curve for Android Wear faces; lI look forward to where it goes once we have the API!  Would like to see another location for Date on the 360; Top doesn't really work and above/below the time clutters the clean look a bit.  Edit:Thanks for the update! Looks smashing right above the sensor cutout ;)
Very attractive and highly customizable. Only two critiques are 1) small card size and cards that persist after being viewed. 2) customizable font for the date. Other than that it is a clean and good-looking watchface.
So customizable and beautiful. Definitely worth the dollar.   I would love color palette selection for colors (maybe in the phone app). First watch face I've installed with customization actually in the watch interface. This is a nice plus but I wish I could disable it so that I can keep my program list down to the ones I use frequently but I suspect that is not yet a feature of Android Wear.
My personal favorite watchface. But here's an idea. How about adding a battery percentage icon that measures the watch's battery life?
Just the perfect digital face i have been looking for
Love it!
Love this watch face and its customization options.  This is the first watch face that I've used which can be configured completely through Android Wear.
The idea is very good, but IRS hard to make out the time with these colors.
I love where this is going!
Not bad!
Looks great and is so easy to customise, other watch face developers could learn from this!
It was huge than normal watvh face
Great app! Fast responding Dev! Just add battery % and weather option like weather watchface and will best one out there and way to remove Ok Google text if possible
Really a well done app. Thank you for addressing the clock location. The ability to move the clock was necessary until the api is out, and you did a great job addressing that. Dev was very fast to add this fix. Looks great and works well. Worth the buy. Great job.
Love the marriage between simplicity and tech. Its a hard balance to achieve creatively. Good job.  No problem ;) Great watch face!
This has become my daily driver. One of the few watchfaces that actually looks better than the promotional pictures. Well done.
Love it! Hopefully when official support is out for custom watch faces, we can make that first card a little smaller. Edit: update is even better!
...It would be great if the google now card could be smaller. After dev´s response, 5 stars!
I saw this watch face get posted to an android wear community on google+. Immediately liked how it looked but was disappointed there was no 12 hour version. Wrote to the Dev on his post where he announced the watch face and he was able to have an updated version of the watch face with 12 hour support on the play store with in 6 hours of my request. Great Dev can't wait to see what he adds next.
Shame can't see the digits clearly though
Very nice
Would love to see a little more customization. Would prefer the letters randomize once per wake up, not constantly. Other than that, it's perfect.
Usually, describing the time after "half past" the hour is rounded up to the next hour. Please update so that "ten past half past ten" is instead stated as "twenty minutes to 11".
"It is ten past half past eleven."??? Who says that?? I LOVE this app beside this. Try "It is twenty to eleven", or something a little more normal.
Awesome.
It's just bull
Does nothing. Just throws you a bunch of advertisment. Watchface does not work.
App does not sync to watch. Useless
Loads of ads
Nothing but crash app wont even work did you give up on it or what
Just force closes on Android 7.1.1. Worthless
Force closes
Fix the app or delete it from the play store. It is useless because it keeps crashing

Crash is it
Crashing
Doesn't work correctly with my Huawei Elegant. 😔
It's nice
I don't think this app deserves 5 stars as it's right now, but I gave it 5 as the current rating (3.3 stars is too low as well).  I really love the stely of the watchface and has some really useful settings, although I'm messing someother features that can be found in other watchfaces, although I have contacted with the developers they have taken my feedback and probably add those features. So kudos to them from that! Edit: The battery usage of the watchfaces is considerably higher than other ones, take that also into consideration. The creators might update it to make it more efficient.
Very good watch face. Works without problems and easy to install. I like the design and ínteractive functionality. Support is also excellent (very fast and responsive!). It is definitelly worth the little price for the premium version.
Nice watch, but hour clock arrow is short and minute clock arrow is long, different between both arrows is very small, and difficult to recognize the time. Please fix this issue.
A touch of elegance on my Huawei watch -- looks fantastic! The OpenWeatherMap source for weather data doesn't seem to render correct icons for time-of-day  (e.g. shows sun shining brightly around 11 pm at night whereas yahoo source renders a moon).

Confused as to why there's no date on the watch
Works like a charm, beautiful to watch.
Gives my watch a premium look. Thank you.
Every watch face has a premium my feeling is one you buy a premium it should be for all the faces from this provider,even at a slightly higher price.
Looks gorgeous, got the premium for the extra dials, but your battery meter sits at 75 percent for phone battery and doesn't reflect actual levels.
Love the watch face and excellent customization options.  I would highly recommend this app.
Beautiful!!! Got the premium version already!!!
Compatible with kw18?
Bekar use kaise kare samjh m nahi aata
Beautiful
Fun fun fun......love it soooooooo much....i havent even been on it yet...
Thanks for keeping the dream alive. Someday hopefully beats will come back in popularity.
Cool I guess!
Nice graphics but gets boring after a while. I would have liked to get something more dynamic in its behaviour.
thanks dev... maybe some more settings like increased time out, tap for day date battery etc
Simply superb for Moto 360
Good design watchface. Will be much better if display with date/day.
Perfect fit for denim jeans!
Not exciting
Cool watch face
Very nice to have
Thanks
Lovely
Cute
Greaaaaatttt
Moto 360 and Nexus 6. Installed, waited 15 min, synced all apps to watch, restarted watch, still didn't show up. Waste of time. Uninstalling.
I really applaud your creativity. Sure beats all these "Omegas" and "Rolexes"
Cool, trendy
Good
Cool
I was hoping this existed, and free no less! Thanks!
Might work well on a smartwatch but I have found it stops/lags behind several hours until I tap on it to show the accurate set screen and then it updates the widget. 12 hour time mode won't display morning "golden hour"  Disappointing as it was just what I wanted for my photography and WAS glad to pay for it.  All other apps and widgets work flawlessly on my phone.  I was hoping for a large widget of 3x3 or 4x4 as displayed in the picture not just a tiny 2x2.
A nice, competent alternative to staticfree's 24h clock widget and watch face, with even more information available like a digital clock and moon phase and transit. What I'd like to see is a less dense layout - no gradient or hour arrows in normal mode, and no twilight indicators in ambient mode - but it's very useful as it currently is.
Damn! I so wanted to give this app and widget with its glorious graphics 5 stars, but like many other widgets, it frequently freezes. A simple click on the widget refreshes it instantly, but damn... you pay for a premium app and they can't get this right?
Very nice app, just the colours of twilight and night (is not uniform) are a bit inaccurate and also, it's not showing the real actual time the hour pointer is 10-20 mins behind. Only the day colour is displayed correctly. Maybe it would be better if you include also a more accurate astronomical design for astronomers and keep this fancy one for standard users.
At p.m. in 12 hour mode can't draw the next dawn after midnight, look as daytime. And I want minute (or second) hand for clock if possible.
(2) STILL Fails to  read the setting "Midnight at Bottom" when starting on Nexus 6P  ... ... ... ...  ...  Previously (1) Fixed, thank you !  It was : No longer finding the location ... Even after reinstalling.  (Yes, I triple-checked that Location was ON).
I like it in the way it helps keeping a global view of day time in 24h mode. It would be perfect with a round shape when in round mode and possibly a colorscale mode for better widget integration.
great, though it would be better if daylight savings time didn't shift sunrise and sunset to the side and make it look lopsided.
it is fine watchface, but seriously outdated (no wear 2 features at all)
amazing app. I will never go back to any other clock face. Please integrate tides.
it looks really great on my Moto360!
Needs (1) noon to be on top and midnight on bottom to reflect actual. (2) option to allow anticlockwise movement to match sun movement. (3) option to show minutes hand on a second 12 hour dial. (4) allow to change colors. (5) incorporate calender to show pie slices with different colors depending on category and give further information if clicked. (6) color working hours 9-5 differently with option for adjustment. (7) should not require to keep location toggle on, rather, remember last information.
Beautiful and informative watch face - helps connect me better with the moon and sun.  Amazed that this packs so much information into an appealing, sleek package.  However:  It is a puzzling design decision (or just a bug) that evening hours around the edge don't honor 24-hour time display.  As I write this, the digital display says 14:52, but the hour hand is between "2" and "3".  Shouldn't the numbers also be in 24-hour time if I like to display the time in 24-hour?  As for feature enhancements, I would really like a minutes-hand and even a seconds-hand when not in ambient mode.  This face looks enough like an analog watch that my eyes keep searching for a minutes hand and not finding one.
I love the design. Exactly the type of display I was looking for when I bought my watch. I'd like an option to flip the midnight/noon locations as the flat tire on the Moto 360 v2 really stands out against the bright blue display on the bottom. Having midnight at the bottom would help it blend in more. Regardless, excellent display. I recommend it.
I am so impressed with this product!  It's just beautiful to look at, on top of being instantly functional. It's rare to find anything that provides such instant information. And, does it in such an attractive way!  I fly commercially, and have done overseas contracts on several continents. I demand accuracy in my many map, clock and time zone apps. I look at this app all the time, even when I'm home and just watching stars or meteors showers, etc.   It's clean, attractive, accurate and pleasing to use.  I absolutely love this app. I use it every single night. THANK YOU!! ♡♡♡
Is there any chance you could an an option to orient the display so that midday is top centre and midnight is bottom centre. My real watch is a 'Yes' solar-lunar watch and it uses this orientation. Thanks.
Use on my phone as widget, wish I could update refresh rate as it tends to lag a bit
I haven't got an Android Wear watch but I do use the widget on my home screen and I use the extra info that the app gives me about sunrise and sunset all the time.  I hope that this watch face can get ported to Pebble Time sometime soon as well.  Cheers, DaveK
I've downloaded the watch face and can't figure out how to set it on my watch. It doesn't show in the wear app nor inside the watch. After reading the description it doesn't mention LG Watch R as a supported device. Yet it shows images of the LG watch R with the watch face on it.
Battery typically uses 50% battery during a day of use.  Using this face burned through 80% of the battery in 2 hours.  Not worth the money.
I love this watch face but it's only issue is that the watch face doesn't automatically switch time zones, you have to reset the watch face in order for it to update.
I really like the accompanying widget and dashboard. The watch face is nice to look at and doesn't seem a battery drain.   Would it be possible to get a minute hand?
I look at this on my Tab S tablet all the time.  Install it and be happy.
Not updating to phone
Works great. All outdoorsman information in a convenient package.
Edit- now back to 5 stars, looks exactly like the graphic above , back to being my default watchface. Developer does answer emails and has done a great job.EDIT  And now its gone wonky again- same issue not showing darkness in the correct hours. Edit aaaand back to 5 stars, working properly again.
Needs option for noon at the top and different color themes.
Had a few install problems, got watch face about 5hrs after first install. But worth the wait. Looks cool on my moto 360. Cheers guys great design.
Installing on Android phone, couldn't personalize to round face 12 hr. format as desired. Still, it's cool enough.
Version 3 got rid of a couple of display glitches and has an uber cool new color scheme. Good work CritterMap!
Still seeing the widget graphic disappear,  replaced by just the time and date after the new update.  I use a Galaxy S5.
Sadly it doesnt work, just says "unfortunately sunlight has stopped" please fix! I do like the watch face!
Last update fixed my problem.  Love this watch face.
Would give it a five star rating, but there are no settings... Weird, this afternoon, the clock disappeared and only the time and date were present. Had to remove and reset it to make it work. Of course this is a new app, but the Crittermap people do GREAT Work!! If you haven't yet tried Backcountry Navigator (BNC), Check it out!
Re-installed. Not sure the digital was a good idea. But if the hour hand is in the night area the digital should be in the  day area. When the hour hand, digital time/date and Moon are in the same area it is very crowded.  My Moon is stuck!  Liked it once I played with my phone and figured it out. Would like to see a small digital time display also.
Nice watch face but for two weeks now doesn't show correct daylight hours in watch face despite the phone app doing so.  App had full access to location, which is turned on (and clearly working for the phone app).   Other android watch faces, e.g.Specialised bikes watch face, show accurate location dependent data like sunset and weather.  Reset, reinstall resistant problem.  LG G watch, HTC One M7, android 5.0.2.
This is exactly the sort of watch face I've wanted.  My only complaint is that the watch face is a bit busy, and the face isn't configurable beyond choosing 12h/24h.
The clock kept disappearing on the lock screen and my main screen and was replaced by a generic time and date. I had to keep removing the clock and replacing in back onto the two screens on my Xperia Z3v. Also didn't see any clock face options such as night time like in the picture above. Wasted money for this app.
Good job small indicate the sun
I run, hike, etc with some photography, astronomy, and hobby farming on the side. This app quickly and clearly shows me what I need to know to time these and other outdoor activities. Works great on the homescreen of my Samsung S4.
Great app.
Nice.
My favourite watch face for my Huawei W1.
Excellent work!
Looks great works well, I like the customization of shortcuts for apps.
What else do you need 🙂
Weather doesn't connect.
Looks great on my Zenwatch 3 & works well with my Google Pixel XL.  If you need miss your Casio or old Timex you should try this face watch.  Great customizable options.
I have an older version Moto 360 and this works amazingly with my Google pixel. It let's you customize the shortcuts on the watch face to tailor your needs. I'm very happy with it.
Awesome watch face
I like that it is completely digital looking with no analogue artefacts. Some of the spacing of the interactive elements could do with better separation since long numbers run into the next field.
Have been using this and loving it. Can you please add a solid black background option or an option for custom backgrounds (I mean the filler background, not the background of the watchface itself). I think a solid black background will save some battery on amoled devices... Would give full five stars if it had this feature.
This is a great watch face. You can customize it to just about anything you want. And  pretty good on battery life too. One question how do you reset step counter?
Would be 5 stars if we could use weather without GPS.
The best... Keeps on getting better. Thanks Thema
Nice, feature filled watch face.
I just bought it and installed it and i can't see or use it. WTF?
Very nice digital watch.
This is a complete, feature rich watch bidding you many options of customisation, information to be shown and a lot of detail. Design is lovely featuring the classic Casio look. It's fantastic!  I do miss some things in this watch, for example the options for cards not to be shown in ambient mode, not being able to change colour for the background and the personalisation of having your name on it, like the Octane watch face has, but that's me just being a nitpicker, haha. This is a really great watch face.
This watch face does what it is supposed to do!
This interactive watch face really brings out the true power of having an Android Wear device.
Cool digital watch face
Fantastic!
Side buttons on a Moto are next to impossible to use and advertising themselves on a paid app is lame. Definitely not worth the money.
Simple design which emulates a classic casio watch. Perfect for someone who doesn't want a bunch of crazy and useless extras for their smartwatch, just something that functions as a tool. Very happy.
Love everything about the watch face but give us the option to take your advertisement the name of the watch face off in the settings. "Thema" and "Interactive" can go
The weather window is stuck at 72° even when I manually update it.
Does not display Google fit walking activities
Nice watch face. I appreciate the dual time zone. No issues. Very impressed.
Works perfectly everything functions on my Motorola 360
Great face and plenty if options.
Great watch face with many customizations
Great looking and nice functionality.
Really like all the customization but the current temp is never correct.  I tried the other provider but no better.  I have tried other faces and those have been correct
Awesome watch face. This really takes me back to my youth. I remember having watches similar to this in junior high school. Please keep up the good work. You have a great selection of watch faces.
Update... Your update helps... Many thanks:).....No mater where I press the interactions on the outer rim almost never register.
Not so nice for square watch,  wish they remove the side dark grey borders. That will be nicer
It is visually appealing, has a lot of color options and has a lot of on-face shortcuts. AND it doesn't drain my battery!  Final grade: A+
This is so far the best smart watch face I've used.  All essential and useful  functions can be configured to be used within the watch face. This is how a truly "smart watch" face should be. Highly recommended.
This is my new favorite. A lot of functionality and it doesn't drain the battery
Looks good and works well. Really like the interactive panel choices.well done
Looks good and provides excellent options! Thanks!
How do I get it to work on Gear S2? While there is not much written on the description section, I have installed it but it does not show up on the phone or in the watch itself😔
Very well thought out watch faces, no complications for four out of the five which gives a very stylish and clean design. Not for those seeking lots of customizable complications.
Needs AMOLED support. When in Ambient mode, specifically on the digital watch face, the background needs to go entirely black to turn off the pixels on an AMOLED display (eg. Huawei Watch) and save battery.
I would definitely be using this watch face but it Would be alot better if you could see the weather and battery percent on your watch so I'm not gonna use it until that gets put in :)
- labels on phone face are bit small in the analog watch. Pls give option to customise or change face from android wear app on phone.
Can't fault them, taste is subjective but these are clear clean and look amazing. The great part is the low power versions are almost identical so the change is seamless.
I like the simple designs.. works well on my tag heuer connected. Love the ambient look, since i dont really like those bright lights. Please create more faces. Keep up the good work
Not working properly, installed it but doesn't appear in watch faces that are available
It stopped working after my Asus ZenWatch 3 updated to Android Wear 2.0.
I like the digital one, it doesn't change much in normal mode and in ambient mode, this is what I like the most.
I don't usually write reviews but I love this...It's so simplistic yet so stylish it makes my ss3 look stunning :)   Thank you!
Doesn't even work after installation. Stupid app
Attempted to install 3 seperate times. All "successful" but didn't show up in my app drawer at all. Please help me out.
Unable to download it on my android wear  2.0, it says "Install error. Try again later."
Can't figure out how to customize or even choose which face. Make more intuitive please
The watch face doesn't show up on the watch and in the wear app
Good design but not able to get it on Moto 360 2nd Gen Wear 2
Simple watch face turns out to be quite the battery hog.
Does not work for moto360
Not seeing too much dev. Interaction. Which leaves my rating in a building position.  Best wishes.
Does not appear on my screen nor watch
lots x 5 :D
Label could be clearer. Should have options for date etc
Solo podría ser un poco más customizable
It doesn't work for LG Urbane 2
Elegant and beautiful.  I've had no problems.
best watch face app ever
Amazing , love them
So cool!
Ok
Ok
Saru
Beautiful watches...
Simply flawless
Looks nice
Superb
Good
Ok so I tried running them on moto 360 fisrt gen, and all the faces seem to be a bit of center. So I wold really hope that you could fix this, because I really do like the designs on them. But until this issue is fixed I won't be able to enjoy them.
Often when I check the time it is behind by as much as 15 minutes. I tap the screen to wake it up and the time updates, but that is not acceptable. It's also much to bright in ambient mode, shouldn't be brighter than normal mode.
Moto 360 1gen won't last a day with these faces, all other faces are fine. Please fix, the designers have done a great job otherwise
it would be nice if you can add weather bar under the time :)
It's great but can you make the date be able to change to "Day, 1 month" instead of "Day, month 1"
Doesn't work anymore.
I have sent an email to the developer and still have not received any help. 1)I paid for the 1 year subscription, but the app still shows that I have not. 2)The Watchcraft app still won't show up in my watch face list on my watch. Any help would be great. I don't want to give low stars until I can use the app and judge for myself, that's why I'm still giving it 5 stars.
It doesn't work.
Always crashes
Love the watch face, but the temperature never works.
You can hardly see the time cause of designe
not fit on moto 360
I like the scheme but doesn't fit the face of moto 360 after update.
I LOVE the color combination on this face. It's reminiscent of the Dials face for the Moto 360, but much more bold. Ambient mode looks clean on the Moto 360 v2, and I love the way the dial tick marks follow the watch's face contour. It has an option to remove the logo, and contrary to previous reviews, it DOES work. I appreciate the second time zone option, but maybe add a digital option for it? Still, this is a great debut!
Great
I know there was a recent Moto 360 Android update, which could be causing this issue. But the watchface is moved down quite a bit. It's shifted below the "OK Google" text. So where the top of the watchface is supposed to be, its actually showing improperly down and cutting off the bottom of the watch face.
But where is the date displayed?
Looks great on my ladies Moto 360 gen 2. Personal request, would love a rose tone version.
the second hand and date not in the right place... the off screen also not good looking
Even with the flat wheel look on the 360 I really enjoy this. Simplistic but refined. Very nice movement for the ticking.
Love the song in the description!
Love it.. just look at it. Great!
On the Huawei watch some parts of the watch are misalligned, and it makes it look wierd.
Absolutely love Krona Sunlight! Weather is the thing I check most on my watch so I keep coming back to this one. It's a great example of how to pack a huge amount of data on a tiny screen while keeping it functional AND elegant! Definitely worth whatever initial price, and the additional data subscriptions are very reasonable.
Brilliant. Never thought I'd use "just" a weather face for my main watch face, but this adds so much at-a-glance info, without being ugly or digits heavy. Especially ingenious to estimate accurate forecasts even when disconnected. And I've never seen such a well-connected app, that I can always rely on it being up to date. Anxious to see where the app and dev go from here.
This is exactly the kind of face I bought my watch to use. Visualizing a 24 hour weather forecast as a graph wrapped around the screen is brilliant. At a glance I can see projected conditions for any hour of the day, as well as watch and phone battery levels. Battery usage seems lighter than other watch faces I've tried as well, but I could just be imagining that.
I'm redoing my review after updating to the latest version. Now, it's worthy of five stars. One gripe I had before was the short on-time, now with the slider I can make it whatever I want. Lots of information on the screen now, and I really like the new interactive modes. Great job!!
At first I did not like the new subscription system. But after this update the watchface received the best design and functionality. Previously version was also the best among all. But now has become even better. The only thing I do not like it limit the number of updates the weather data. Thanks for your work.
Not your regular weather watchface, takes a little getting used to but definitely worth it. Looks great to!  Will turn subscription back on when the other providers are (finally) added again. DarkSky not accurate for Europe.
Once you learn what bars mean what, which is not difficult after a few days, it is very informative . You can be underground and still know how much sunlight 's left in the day or night. Mixes in a blue ring around face to show rain times. Awesome app. I would have paid 4.99. It worth it. A++
So I love this watchface.  The only problem I am having is that I can't seem to change my settings.  I go in and change something, then I go back, but it just changes the setting back to the original:-(  Edit: only one watch and wifi is turned off.
This is my absolute favorite watchface. It's gorgeous, useful, and has everything you need.  Unfortunately, the latest update has rendered it completely unusable for me. The watchface shows no data and the app crashes immediately upon opening.  I am very much looking forward to when this is fixed, and I'm anxious to see the new features! Highly recommended as long as it's working.
Looks good on first install. I like the rings. I don't like how small the time is. The temperature numbers should be about 75% the size of the time numbers. Making them equal size distracts me when I look at the watch for the time. I also didn't like the way they didn't tell you that you had to install the phone app in order to configure it. I wasted an extra 5 minutes trying to figure that out, and almost trashed and refunded it.
I've been through a ton of watch faces and this one is the one that has stuck with me.  Not only from a good look and feel, but integration with Dark Sky makes this the best weather watch face I've had the pleasure of using.
I love this app. It displays a ton of information in an easy to digest manner once you learn it. My only complaint is that it fails to report my phone battery percentage. AW 1.5 LG Urbane 2nd with LG V10.
A great-looking watch face, lots of useful weather info available all at once. Takes a little getting used to, but once you learn to read it, you have a whole day's detailed forecast in once glance. Phone-side configuration interface is very well-organized and has a good amount of configuration options. It also handles multiple watches paired to a single phone, and provides per-watch settings. Additional data elements (pressure, humidity) can be purchased with fairly reasonable subscriptions (to cover the cost of the weather providers' charge to use their APIs).
Great app!! Looks good on my Asus Zenwatch 3 and it's super useful. Only gripe right now is that the other two weather providers aren't working as Dark Sky isn't quite as accurate here where I am.
Excellent update! I love the new features and the ability to subscribe if I so choose. I'm finding it hard to see rain precipitation on the forecast ring though, has the color gotten darker?
Absolutely tremendous!  I love studying weather information and this app ticks all the boxes for information. Well organized, intuitive and concise. I find myself using my Wear device constantly checking stats.
Nice app, but where are the weather updates promised in a few weeks.. since last February, it's now the following march! 13 months! Has this app been abandoned?
Update 11/28/17. I uninstalled "everything" then reinstalled the apps (this one, Google apps, phone app, etc) and working again. At least for now! When it works, this is my favorite watch face. YET, HALF THE TIME, IT WON'T SHOW UP ON MY PHONE. It did for a few months, but vanished. Why? I wrote to developer and never received a reply. Sad.
This is probably one of the few watch faces with a learning curve, but once you get the feel for how information is displayed it's a fantastic and beautiful watch face. The amount of information packed onto the screen while still avoiding clutter is astonishing, and the customization options allow for fine-tuning to fit your preferences. Easily one of the best watch faces I've ever used.
Simply the best watchface out there. The 24hr weather dial is so readable that any other watchface feels unnatural. I can confidently say I have used this face for years and it's never been bested
The idea of the watch face is superb and unlike any other I've come across effectivly giving you the forecast for the next 24 hours at a single glance. Deserved to be a 5 star app, so why only have I only given 3? A few reasons, firstly as it has a bug that loses/doesn't update the forecast data after every 3 days, only way round it is to reinstall the phone app! I appreciate it may not affect everyone but despite leaving a bug report and contacting developer via email, he hasn't replied.  The developer also stated that the 2 other weather providers will return in a few weeks but so far nothing. I don't mind too much but may affect others where DarkSky isn't the most reliable forecaster.  There are also plenty of other small improvements that could be made, would like to see a bigger clock option on the ambient screen. The text across the middle when changed to the agenda doesn't support all day appointments. I could go on, however despite the lower rating it's been my everyday watchface since I bought it as it's unique at what it does and is worth the hassle of the reinstalls regardless.
This is the perfect weather face for AW and one of those watch faces that uses the smart watch interface  in a new and unique way. It has all the weather information you need and then some at a glance, and the way it's done is just brilliant! Nice flat no nonsense design. All I now wish for is to be able to see my step count and even heart rate without losing other information. Needs an update and some of the announced new features. And this is the only watch face I've used that never crashes, disconnects or complain like many of the more advanced faces do on Android Wear. I've now used this watch face exclusively for a few months and it's rock solid without one single crash and moderate battery consumption even with the most frequent update set. Get it!
I don't rate apps. Thus watch face is simply awesome. The amount of info at a glance is ridiculous. Great work!
So much organized information on a tiny screen. great design! Such a great update for wesr 2.0, complications are great! Went instantly back on my watch after some time with other watchfaces. Great work dev!
Android Wear is weird to set up. This is not the fault of this app. Once installed it's working nicely on my Pixel XL and Moto 360 sport.
I used to adore this app, until it started popping up full page ads over what I was doing several times in the course of a minute. Now I'm furious.
It's the perfect watch face for what I want. My Watch has a round display but I prefer a digital display of time. I have no reason to search for another watch face after this. The only reason I deduct a star is because here on the Oregon Coast, AccuWeather is the only weather source we can trust. I find the "Wordweatheronline" option to be the closest to accurate of the two options currently available. It's still "off" enough that I must pull out my phone for the most accurate weather info.
At the time of writing, some features are just placeholders (watch-based settings control) or yet to be re-added (like other weather providers). It's a little odd to see an unfinished app update over one that felt complete (that's what beta programmes are for! 😜). Still, what IS there is great: things like the subtle complication ranges on the edge (which default to phone and watch battery), and support for complication providers (as well as being one itself)... and that's just some of what's new!  (thought I'd update the review to be a bit more positive because the dev reply got me thinking that there wasn't much that really disappeared in the 2.0 update, just a few new things that are placeholders)
This watchface is absolutely brilliant. Clean, clear, most innovative way to display the weather forecast, never a performance issue, super reliable... I mean I try but I can't find something negative to say about it. It's an absolute must, and the promise of having more option for the indicators (notably the steps count) on the outer-most rings is very exciting. Superb work!
Used to be a great app but since the update the only way to see any weather data is to go to the phone and perform a manual update. Therefore my watch face mainly states no data with a red ring. If I need to open the ohone to update the weather I might as well just check the weather on my phone in the first place.
Absolutely love this watch face. Very good on battery life and has all info I need to get me through the day. Well done developer A+++ I have over 10+ watch faces on my LG smart watch this has taken the #1 spot gonna be hard to top it.
No way to change your location or data provider, When the app was setting up it let me choose automatic location and it let me choose the data provider but when I compare the weather with two other weather apps, the temperature is just plain wrong, but unfortunately there is no possible way to change the location or data provider after the initial setup so I guess it just doesn't work.
You could only use dark sky to get your weather meaning my temp was wrong most of the time and didn't update to where I was. And this watch face drained my battery like crazy. Fix those things and I'll be back for sure
This watchface surprised me, I was expecting to be disappointed since I can be quite picky when it comes to faces, but I really enjoy using this watchface, my only complaint is that it can hit your battery life a bit depending on your watch
At a glance I can see the time, get a very quick idea of the weather as well as when I'll reach the top temperature. Very Useful!  Would love to see government weather data options (for me, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology).
Not bad, but no hourly sound/vibration, no (working) full-color ambient mode, subscription instead of one-time payment for additional features, and starts automatically in the background after phone startup.
Gives you 24hr weather at a glance and looks great whilst doing it! You don't need to subscribe but if you want to they are really cheap, so we'll worth it. Highly recommend.
At first didn't work! Tried again and it did. Best looking weather app on my watch so far. May try premium.
Was working well but then has lost the weather feed which makes it a bit pointless. Not great for European market.
Developer very responsive to problem reports through reviews. Very happy.
Fehlt nur rheinisch / Kölsch

From 5 stars to just 1 ... no longer works on LG G watch R ... can i have my money back please? On all the watch faces i have purchased too ... this is kinda theft now
Great watch face! I love the battery indicators, and the choice for color in ambient mode. This is very important, as blue pixels wear out faster than other colors in OLED. I therefore use the yellow ambient mode.  Speaking of which, since the G watch R doesn't have a light sensor, it would be even greater if the face could bump up the ambient screen brightness during the day (set the start/stop time in the software, or let it depend on sunset/rise reported by google). That'd be super!
Great design but won't buy any more until they did the inaccurate weather. Great design but won't buy any more until they fix the inaccurate weather.
The weather is not.correct
World like to be able to disable the redundant compass markings around the edge...
Undoubtedly one of the coolest wear watch faces. Too bad it cuts my watch battery life by more than half and uses wayyy more phone battery. First time I've seen Bluetooth as top battery consumer.
I'm loving that faces are getting better for pilots, but add knots and you'll get the last star from me!
Looks like G-Shock watch, its great. Got everything I want.
Its a great watch face but wish it had compass dial.
Betters battery usages
Would be cool if the compass really worked also i would like to read the wind speed in beaufort
Nice face. Adding a knots option for windspeed would be good.
Retro looking stylish Yeah. Get some!
Love it
Way too small
Love it! It's looks so good too! I would love a bb8 version!
FANTASTIC  Apart from R2D2 being the coolest droid ever... love this watch face, Looks great and is not a battery drain at all. With the latest update you stepped it upto RAD status for me.  WELL WORTH THE MONEY! #maytheforcebewithyou
Love this watchface so far - exactly what I was looking for, and I love looking down to see lil R2-D2. I think it'd be great to add a BB-8 one, especially as their design is already geared around a circle shape!
Not working on my huawei watch after android wear 2.0 update
Amazing skin!
Latest update made the watchface not work. LG Watch Sport.
It actually worked on my huawei watch. The dragon radar watch face was a real disappointment but this one worked.
Great app
It won't load on my Tag Heuer Connected watch.  Could this be caused by the Intel processor inside the  Tag? This is the only face that refuses to download.  Fix to get 5 stars.
I'll give it a 5 once we have the option to change the color for it. I'd rather have blue than purple.
Can't download it to my tag heuer connected. Restarted several times and still doesn't work
Best in my collection.
It's a sweet design but very hard to see the numbers unless you've just tilted your wrist to wake the screen the time lights up but then slowly hides within the camp design. Would be nice to have some more visibility such as a certain option to allow us to do this... (Sony SmartWatch 3)
Still...Impossible to read lol
Works good on Ambient mode
The purpose of a watch is to be able to tell time. Not to stare at for a minute trying to decypher it.
No option... 1 star!!!!
The face looks great and I like the themes, but it's extremely difficult to read on my Moto 360. It would be great if there was an option to make the outlines around the numbers/date a bit more darker to make it easier to tell the time. Edit* upon further review the time and info do light up when you flick your wrist making it easy to ready, however this only seems to be the case when ambient mode is turned on. When ambient is turned off it doesn't seem to do this
Stuck in 24-hour Military Time. No good! Also faces are just hard to read because the time blends completely into the background like a chameleon. Uninstalled!
Love the watch face but need option for 12hr time option please add will change to 5
Adds a second flat tyre on the right hand side
LIKE IT BUT WANT 12H OPTION PLEASE!!!
Nice watch face but missing an essential option.
Cannot see the time
Needs a better dim mode! Otherwise a nice face.
Used this until I started getting notifications pushed to download other apps.  Deleted immediately.  Annoying to purchase something only to get spammed with garbage that I never wanted.
Good looking face but has issues. The battery icon on the watch reads 63% but my watch is 100% charged. The heart rate monitor does not work neither does the step counter so not happy with paying £0.73 for something that does not do what it says on the tin. Get these problems ironed out and you will have a watch face that will take some beating.
Had this watch face until it decided it was a good idea to send me notifications to download other applications. Well the first notification I got resulted in their app being removed, and will never be downloaded again.
It was the perfect reminder to uninstall your junky watchface.
Needs some dim options and colors.
Push ad notifications. Uninstalled
Really awesome watch face but the only problem is when it hits 5 o clock. It shows 50 instead of 05. Not sure why it does that
Use the features alot. Love the cockpit look.
The Space Armour Watch Face looks fantastic, but has issues.  The information displayed and the watch face itself look great. There's some issues though. My main concern was battery life. With the stock watch faces I can put the watch on at 5am and still have 30% left at 10-11pm that night, with the Space Armour watch face it was dead at 3pm.  My other concern was the watch battery indicator remained at 100% the entire day so I actually had no idea it was running out till the Android Wear battery warning popped up saying 15% left.  Good design, but possibly the heart rate monitor needs to be an interval based thing.
Great watch face! I am really enjoying it, however, there are a few issues. 5 o'clock on the dial reads as 50 instead of 05. When changing it to 24h mode, the dial remains in 12h mode. Some more colors would be nice as well :)
I like this face, but I would love it if the ambient face had true black instead of grey, so it saves on battery and screen lifespan for my OLED screen.
I tried looking in the settings but it only has an option to set the temperature time interval, not units
I can't change the weather from Celsius to Fahrenheit. There isn't an option in the phone app settings.
The ambient face doesn't use the backlight well, and the step and hr is still there when deactivated
I like it but the ambient mode is too dim.  Could you please improve this.
Love it on my LG watch Urbane
I seriously love the look of this watch, but it looks to still be scaled for a 360 v1. Its assets are all over the place and it crashes a few seconds after launch
Would it be possible to change the digital time to time zone 1 (in referring to watchmaker)?  As there is cool big analog clock above a second time set to time zone 1 or an option for me to set it manually somehow would be excellent.
This is quickly becoming one of my go to watch faces. Would be nice to see the seconds still going while in inactive mode and please do a fahrenheit temperature option soon! Really digging the future look with clear cohesively placed icons that makes this a top tier watch face. Great work so far and a lot of value for the small price!!
Is there a setting for 24h clock?
Great team work
I love the design of this face, one of the best I've seen. But it has zero options for display, and the ambient mode is crap. It shows a solid gray background across the entire face in ambient, which isn't good for AMOLED watches. Also there's no option to keep some color in ambient, which many watches now support.
Can't change from F to C...  Also would. Like to get the white color edge off
Love the looks but unfortunately does not work on my Huawei Watch.
Great design, but needs options to change temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit and to be able to switch from 12H to 24H format.
Needs updated. All of hour watches do. Weather shows 3 numbers like 574 making the face unusable since wear 2.0. Thts fine fine for free apps but not paid apps.
The weather on my watch is incorrect.. It shows 3 digit number.. Like 561, 563 etc.
Weather potion is all screwed up showing 3 digits like 566, 578 etc.
Love the options
No major battery drain (Huawei)  customizable colors.  Use this watch face 99% of the time.
Beautiful with default colors and gives me the simple info I need.
Great watch face. I love the night faces. They look brill.
I would like to see the 3 6 9 and 12 numbers disappear when you remove the watch analog hands. It would help to remove unneed clutter! Thanks!
Good luck with your watch lasting you a whole day. Ambient mode is not available unless you want colors showing thus draining your battery quick. It has everything exept a simple AMBIENT mode yes BLACK/WHITE!!!
Works great on my Huawei watch and the preset color themes are awesome.
Great, but eats up the battery
Its great but you need to put a bigger pic up showing the face features its too small to read i bought but almost didnt be ause i just couldnt see the description pic showing features
These are the very best faces you can get, i have 8 now and my collection will carry on growing. Fantastic app design worth every penny
Another superb design by smart watch bureau, lots of presets to choose from with the ability to then customise those just to your liking. Crisp clear graphics.
Too much work  for me.
I like so much.

It won't take the phone number..
The best app for me.. I really love it.. 😆
I love this
Why??? I can't register my lover phone number ....
Fun, easy to use and have all the things that I need in one place.

App is so heavy and the UI is so lame
it sucks.. -.-
It seems like it has to have kaotalk or other social apps for the message tracker or phone to track. I don't have those so can y'all fix so wen I have regular calls on my note 3 and messages will actually track and work thanks
Dont have 4*3 4*2 for my i-mobile phone. Please fix everything else very good!
Why my lover´s phone number can´t register...??
A great app for any couple..i just love it.... :)
udyr udtowy oidgsj dyd
I'll try
Good
my love
Love
Crazy
I love using this for my journals. It makes me feel so kuwaii when I'm writing about my bf.
Good!
I really liked the idea but this is the most confusing app on the planet.
Cool ,
What exactly is D-day? The app is beautiful but the only manual is in Korean... Anyway to get message support for Couple? Or even SMS text messages? Cute app though ^///^
fine
Like this app :D
The math in this app is waayyy off.  I love how i can add the pics. And also see the last text that my hubby has sent me.
It's 1st, not 1th or 2th or 3th. .. I was confused for couple seconds when,I saw 1th......
I selected the full widget,  but options for full widget still say "need to use full widget"
Love my <3
Math is off. It says we have been together 839 days which is correct, but then says that is over three years... interface is clunky and weird.
Love it!
제건 갤럭시노트인데 왜 실행자체가 안될까요...ㅜㅜ 개발자님 어떻게좀 해주세요;;
The receiving calls does not effect the changing of emoticon.. Please fix it.. Then i'll rate it 5 stars
At first the widget wasn't registering any calls or texts. I uninstalled and reinstalled & fixed the issue! If anyone else has this issue I recommend doing what I did :)
I wish there were more detailed instructions and explaination. How is rhythm calculated? Calls? Sms? I don't get it.
Worked for couple days, then everything was blank. No call logs what's so ever, won't even show msgs. And today again all is blank. Worse app. Take it off the market.
For those confused about the b-day date issue, make sure when you go into settings that you don't have luner b-day checked. I agree it may need better instructions, but it's free and cute so I'm not going to complain too much.  Update:  text message doesn't show on widget, and I'm trying to figure out what the update today was, cause nothing seems different.
I like this app so much. Thanks for making this.. Please make more apps about couple. Two thumbs up!
Love this soooo much! thanks;)
Just buying the premium to support hoodie studio. This face is cool but the other two are amazing! Keep making faces and put me on a newsletter!
Another great app, very responsive! Would be nice to change the text color through premium features. Keep up the good work!
It would be great if you could display the weather instead of steps
Paid for it... When do I get it?
This has been my watch face for couple weeks now. Really like it. Hope to see more from this developer.
Doesn't work with huawei watch
Works great on Huawei Watch, so got premium.
Works with huawei watch just fine.
Simple and very elegant. Best thing is option to adjust brightness of ambient mode.
Missing Android Wear 2.0 complications but great otherwise.
Very sexy
Took my money and would never install or give me the option to get a refund
Good, but poor weather location picker (would rather write the location name) and doesn't vibrate hourly.
I love it but it needs more updates and Interactive options. Remove screen timeout on stopwatch also
I love this watch face
Very nice
You have to buy it and then download the app from the watch itself once its connected to your wifi.
I don't normally write reviews but I was so ecstatic about this watch face that I felt the need to let others know what I've found.  I've been looking for a watch face for my new moto 360 sport for a couple weeks now that has the ability to see both the watch and phone batteries, step counter, and weather that uses the standard weather app on the watch. (This one has way more options than these but these are the most important to me)  This is the first one I've found with all these and then some with no glitches that I've seen in the several days that I have been using it! This is the watch face that ceases my quest for the perfect face, I've found it!
I would rate better, but my temp gauge is always stuck at 32°.  I live in florida so its never really that cold here, wish i could get my money back. Now the weather is messed up altogether and I bought a new watch that the app still doesn't work on.
Love this watch face. But after latest update I cannot access my watch face settings, I always get "an error has occurred" message. I'm using an Moto360 1st gen.
Love the customization!
Fantastic design, super flexible and almost endless customization options - almost too many, but I would never complain about that :) I love it and I give it 5+ stars. I think everyone will find their perfectly customized configuration. Well done!!!!!!!  If I can add to the wish list, it would be to: -display seconds always (either seconds hand, or in the secondary timezone field (I need to see seconds when getting patient's pulse) - of course w/o sacrificing the battery life :) - display the date, not in the same place as the secondary timezone (I want to see secondary timezone too :))
Lots of options for customisation-the only thing I can't seem to customise is the screen brightness in ambient mode. The only thing preventing a 5 star rating
Beautiful watch face.  Nicely customizable both in colors, face styles and data 'widgets'. Does it all and looks great doing it. Of the many many faces tried, this is about the only one I use. Highly recommended !
Nice watch face. I like all the info . How can I change the color I see it in blue mine is red what step am I missing here
Great! Just could use customization for the hour tick blocks but otherwise this watch face is very slick!
Very functional!
Fantastic, absolutely loving it.
I have not used another watch face since I have installed this one over yr or so ago, it's not 100% perfect but nothing is, thanks for making a good product..
Nice face for smart watch
A great looking watch face. Love the way it looks and interacts. Very happy with this product!
I love it! Looks great, and customizable. Just  bought gear s3 and this face is available but can not change a single thing!!! Frustrating since this is the only face I can find that shows everything I want in a layout and color that I like.
Bought this face because my steps would be synced.  They are, but about 3500 steps off!  Bad buy, even for $0.99 - doesn't do what I bought it for.
Very nice face, functional.  Does have small tendency to cause Bluetooth to loose connection with watch
My step counter is wrong. It is showing 0 on the watchface but my actual steps in the Android wear app for this skin. Not sure why it's not updating on the watch.
Disappointed
Easy to use and great customisation
I especially like being able to link a widget to a specific app that you use a lot
Looks and works great!
Great watch face. Very happy with the features
Thank you
Watch a good more options required for background settings
Great design with many options
Great watch face!!
Good job
Complete
Great Face
I take my lg urbane off and the bright green led for pulse checking is active and very bright on the back of the body. Can't shut off. It doesn't come on with other faces. How long has it been on? I left it on the counter for 2hrs and it's still on. Seems like an obvious battery drainer. Switched faces and it immediately turned off. Hope they fix, because otherwise i like it.
So far it does everything I hoped for and more. The only problem I have is it recognizing "ok, google". It's kind of hit and miss. But could be user error.
I downloaded it but can't seem to get it on my gear s2.. It shows up on my phone though.. How do I get it on my gear s2..?please refund I only notice now that is not compatible with gear s2.. 🙈
I set app to update every 5 minutes. However, I cannot stop watch from vibrating after every update. Very annoying. Secondly, the app has no settings to chose from. Only stocks.  3rd, app needs to display a day, month, and year. It is a watch after all.  Ultimately I like the app and really want it to work for me. Perhaps I will check on it in the future. 5 stars when fixed.
Where's the phone app to change the preferred stock to watch?
Could you add the hkex market? Thanks!
Good, but struggle to install
Simply does what it claims just fine; lightweight. Thanks!
This watch face is one of the best I've seen. One of the best things is how it stays on always, instead of fading to a black version of the default face. Managing stocks is done one at a time, but is good enough for a watch. Only issue is that there should be a way to switch to 12 hour time. Otherwise a great application.
Finally a watch app that is really useful.
Functional and well designed.
Can't figure out how to add stocks from the Wear app.
Pay $2 for a watch face only to realize that it's app is bombarding my phone with ads. And they cleverly enough tell you to wait up to 15 minutes for the watch face to appear on your watch which is what Google Play Store return window is for apps. After about 10 minutes the watch face still did not appear after disconnecting and reconnecting my watch multiple times and restarting my phone so I've decided to not take a chance and refund the app. I just had to come here and warn everyone
No option to change the time it takes to go into ambient mode
Very beautiful indeed!!! Thank you so much!!!
There has been shebangs with this developer and their previous updates. They listened and fixed what needed a fix. Now, this is one decent face for your watch should you need a beautiful look.
I love this face but the ambient mode drains my battery very fast. On my Huawei watch I see a day of life rather than 2 and a half.
Really good looking watch face. Elegant, and work beautifully!
The example pictures are heavily photoshopped
Very cool face
Looks great
Cool face
Nice
Keeps force closing on my OnePlus One.
Very stylish militery watch face looking awesome on my moto 360 .
The app keep crashing so I had to get back my money, sorry guys.
Had to refund. Force closes on One plus One
How long does it take to sync? Still can't see it or initiate it. It's been a whole week and I can't wait to see it in ise but nothing.. The wait is depressing
Its a beautiful looking app, but the inability to customize anything gets annoying. For example the watch face with the circle in the middle is by far my favorite, but since the date (and sometimes the minutes) is at the bottom, I cannot see it whenever a notification is up.
So I was really looking forward to having a watch face a little different but sadly on my smart watch only the background can be changed and I'm stuck with the standard clock face. Can't see any reason why it wouldn't let me change it!?
Good looks but I dislike the constant notifications about the artist. It's like an ad that doesn't ever go away right on my watch.
Im giving it 5 starts just for the watch face "Phrase" where the time is spelt out in words - love it!! Annoying notifications - but that can be easily blocked.
Just a note that there is no such thing as Android Wear 5.0. I've got the most recent version of as of December 30, 2017 and it's Android Wear 2.7
So annoying and unnecessary. Thanks for tip about blocking them or I'd have uninstalled it.
The watch dissappeared from the collection, I can't find in the phone or in the wearable device, can you fix this problem?
Font face used for time is too thin, making it hard to glance and see time.
Love the phrase option but the background keeps shuffling even though I tried picking a particular one various times. Help?
2 days of waiting never showed up. I have a Ticwatch 2.
Behance watch faces are both visually attractive and functional. It's amazing that they are released for free. Thank you, developers!
I can change the background only. I cannot change the clock between analog or digital or the needles. Please help
I dont understand
Great looking watch faces, but the constant notifications are annoying.
Won't load on my gear 2, it's been 2 days please help
This is one of the most eclectic, most creative faces I've come across! Nice!
The only well designed 3rd party watch face I found so far.
Downloaded it twice and can't find it on my phone to open it
Sometime the background doesn't change when I try.
needs more config option like font size, color etc
Adverts on watch face no thanks
Best watch faces I've ever seen!!
Why were users not on Android Wear 2.0 abandoned?
LG G watch R
There could be more backrounds.
Really beautiful it keeps changing

Beautiful, functional watch faces.
Love it.
Definitely one of the best
Ok
Like
Good
Good
Pretty good once they started working. One annoyance is that the face generates a notification for each background change, to tell you who the artist is.. the problem is you cant turn this off, so theres an annoying notification everyday on your watch you have to get rid of.  Decent faces though and the images are quite good!
Absolutely beautiful, extremely high quality. Window and Pulse are the best. Would like the ability to select/disable which backgrounds are used during random mode and update intervals. I'd also like all the different artworks to be available on all the designs instead of certain artworks not being available on others.
Would be great if there was an option to use our own background(s).

Nice but I would prefer to use my own backgrounds.
I've downloaded 3 different watch face apps. Play store shows all three installed, but I can't find them on my phone.  Please help. Edit... I increased my rating to 3 stars because of the developers response to my problem.  Yet... I shouldn't have even had the problem. Edit... Installed and found only two faces available... Where's the ability to create faces?
Never had a watch maker before because they look too complicated. No such troubles with this app. Very well done. Just needs some more complications
Good idea, needs a touch more  The options are not quite enough. The digital displays need to be able to be larger. Time and date at the same time. Trio looks poor in ambient mode. All admittedly mode should allow full color and brightness.
If I had 1 request it would be that you let us download ONLY the watch faces we choose. (hint, hint!) Then you'll get my 5 Stars.
Very limited. Not many colour options. Standby face is ugly.
Really nice watch faces. Simple and minimal. For those having trouble select the watch face through the android wear app and then long press the watch face on your watch to customise.
Installed on my phone but cannot find this anywhere
Not many faces the ones that are there, honestly I have not seen any better. Definitely recommended. Ps, where is the donate button?
None of your apps show on my phone or in android wear.  Obviously disappointed so therefore they are being deleted.
Face Maker has some nice options and is easy to use, but it really needs an editor on the phone and support for card previews.
After I installed it I can't  open the app. It only wrote uninstall and nothing else. How do I open the app?
Android wear shows the watch faces but no settings app.
How do I acces the app?
please help
I cant find it
Various ways to customize the watch
Works just fine for my Sony sw3
"Created by ustwo. Designed by you" is more fitting.
It's awesome, it's what I've been looking for!
With a touch of customization.
5 stars for the 'whats new' story.
Great designs
I've spend a lot of money on different customisable watchfaces and almost always I wasn't happy with them. They're usually offering plenty of options, but overall design and quality wasn't that good. Ustwo Face Maker is different - simple, good looking and free. I wish there was more watchface designs though.
When i disable ambient mode and when i hold up my wrist so i check time watch turns on but there is little annoying bug which shows ambient type mode face for like 0.2 seconds and then it shows normal face.. It seems like it needs more of optimizations around that and when you fix that bug I'll gladly give 5 stars!
not using an app that doesn't show up with the rest of the watch faces AND is very unstable. even with stability fixed I won't use this, unless watch faces can be picked through the Android Wear app.
Great Start! Works OK with Moto 360 first gen, ambient mode too. App takes some time to install and start but after that everything works OK. Looking forward for new faces!
Wish tick marks didn't disappear in ambient mode.
Needs an Android app to make the faces. Doing this on the watch is a horribly clunky, slow and unstable way to do this. It should be more like watchmaker. No need to reinvent the wheel when it's already perfect. Uninstalled. Horrible.
I like other faces from ustwo, they even published great framework for creating watch faces, but this is not good, there are way better customizable faces.
Using the watch to customize the watch face is a clunky and lengthy process. Have both a phone app and on watch settings as most watch faces do please.
Interesting app but it just needs a few more options to make it a must have.  For example: add an option for Roman numerals, and an option for pure white faces and more hands. Add an option for a white ambient mode for watches with bigger batteries. Finally,it needs its own app rather than simply making changes on the watch.
Very nice watch faces. However, we are quite limited with customisation. More options, especially with background colour, would be great
S6, Android 6.0.1, Huawei watch.  keep saying install settings app that is already installed. very disappointed
i repeat do not download this app . when I installed it my moto 360 v2 turned off and now Im not able to use it and when I try to turn it on it just vibrates but display is not longer working
Love love love your watch faces, but why don't you allow notifications in ambient mode?
No good for me
The quality of ustwo Watch Faces is the best in Play Store! Just keep adding new faces to customize!
On huawei watch, the faces never appear on the watch. Reinstalling fixed it.
I really love this watchface. But please add more feature like Date, weather, battery.
I can't customize these watch faces on my phone
I love how this face is Moto 360 friendly. It adjusts the face to account for the "flat tire" ambient sensors.
Looks like the real thing. Love it.
I love the Eixample series.  Thank you Omitsis!
Great looking face, if it let you disable the animation when the second changed and supported bigger screens like that of the Zenwatch 3 it would be perfect.
I love it, but I wish the second hand went all the way to the edges on my LG watch style, and I want more color options.
Nicely designed, but time is small and card preview cover up the face.
Cant open or find app. Wont show on watch. Moto 360 gen 2
Not installing on my Fossil Q marshal... Boooo!
I can't open the app
Simple but nice
I can't change the color of the watch face on my watch. In the app on my phone it works. EDIT: It works! Colors can be changed now on the watch with the latest update! Thanks! 😀
Awesome !
It's too simple but I like it because it doesn't consume much energy. My watch (original Moto 360) can last up to 2 days now if I turn it off the night. Thank you.
It would be nice if there was a variant in the future that moves up the progress minute circle-bar a little to not interfere with the Moto 360's flat tire. Other than that pretty great!
Simply loveable , classy and beauty at the same time and for what it's worth not killing my watch's battery. Thanks
Slick, simple design. Red accent please? Also would like to see a Moto 360 friendly layout with radial markings moved closer to centre.
Just a nice looking face without any clutter.
Fast fluid beautiful. More people should use it.
Could you add the option to turn bold hour text on and off?
Awesome simple but beutiful add more colors like red and white
Needs the date
Not too sure about battery yet and a with other faces from this dev notifications don't show up well in ambient mode they show up as text rather than a card so you can miss then but for me makes my watch look beautiful
What does the 18-24 indicate.
This is the worst app ever. Upgraded to paid music library but could not pull my 1500 items of music from the free version to the paid. Paid because we wanted to be able to export a CSV file to print and take shopping so we wouldn't buy the same LP twice. Waste of money and the time it took to inventory 1500 LPs and CDs!!
App is incomplete and appears to be not in active development as the last version was over a year ago. Added one album and photo doesn't show on browse list.
Very confusing. I want to play free prime music on my Amazon Echo and its not working
Can this be used on Windows devices? I would like to be able to sync over several devices, through my Google account. Great little app, dirt simple to use.
Can't put lyrics n track listing , no barcode scan , no back cover option, no offline editing & update etc...
Easy to use.  Everything at a glance.  Bug fixes are better but not perfect yet.
Simple but effective, search and add albums to a collection, grouping and album covers.
Smart and easy to use: please add filters/searchs, location, media formats
I can't even listen to music... DO NOT GET THIS APP
I should be able to put in albums I already bought and listen to them.
I can't even find migos bad and boujee
Sputid epp
Manual but no bells and whistles to get in the way. Needs other music formats though.
I'm using for vinyl. Seems that the images it collects are from amazon, so if it's not up there them you don't get an image? It did not find 2/6 album covers i tested. another app that i think uses a different search mechanism did find. Would like to be able to search an artist and add multiple albums rather than searching each. Also would like to be able to make my own personal ratings and sort by that. Thx!
Doesn't work right I could type in an artist and it doesn't recognize it not worth the download
Out of 10 albums scanned, it found 2.
Great app.  Would like to be able to set vinyl as the default format.
Worthless
Just about the best of it's kind.  Easy to use nice format, editable content list.  You won't want any other after trying this.
Bought the full version so I could export my library and import it on my new phone. Guess what... it doesn't export\import the pictures. Which is 99% of the whole point. Because 99% of my records are obscure punk rock that aren't found on amazon. Plus taking pictures is buggy and only works half of the time in the first place. What a massive waste of my time this app was.
Works again, but a bit laggy.
Had this app 1 week. Spent all week adding my collection. Luved it, getting ready to buy pro.  There has already been several updates completly changing everything, BUT THIS LAST UPDATE CAUSED IT TO NO LONGER WORK, Everything disappeared and now it won't work at all. Reinstalled several times and does not work. THIS WAS A BEAUTIFUL APP, now its useless. So glad I did not buy pro
Screw who ever made this app it sucks big balls when I search for a song all it said is no Mach found
In theory this could be a really useful app but in practice it just does not find information for enough of the scanned CD barcodes to make it so
Wonderful so far, can tell this is going to be a fav. Just wish included list of songs on album, but I can manualy do thatl but really cool......
Only listed 17 LP's then no more!
I like the app but it doesn't recognize ALOT of titles I put in.
Cumbias
App won't let you import audio files, so it only really works for categorization. Kind of a stupid app, but really just misleading
U can look up song
I'm getting better at understanding it..as time goes on I expect to improve on ratings..
Nice quick entry, if the artist is recognised, but somehow needs more than just the basic info and cover picture, the track listings at the very least without running off to Amazon for a shopping page. Nicely laid out, fast, works.
Just started using the app. My vinyl shelf is getting out of hand and this is helping me fill the gaps is my collection, without duplicates, on the go.  I would give it 5 stars if there was an option for sorting via release date and record label. An option for creating you're sorting category would also be useful.  Overall, I would recommend this app. Keep up the good work.
Really wanted this to be good but it's only found 2 of the 20 CDs I've scanned so far (all of them on Amazon) and the bulk load failed but doesn't say why. I have too many CDs to type them all in manually. Would be good if you could select an artist and choose multiple albums. Even failed to find Dark Side of the Moon, I mean come on!
It doesn't recognise most of my "mainstream" records. I ended up spending a long time manually entering the likes of Celine Dion and 30 Seconds Mars. Then I realised that you can only sort it by entry date or alphabetically (artist-album). Search feature not great. There are many apps that offer more potential. Just that I find they ALL don't do a good enough job.
This is exactly what i was lookig for. Im hoping adding lost album covers works as good as everything else. Makes it easy in a store when trying to remember obscure albums i already own.
Probably OK if you want to look at your recording data. But there's no way to just browse a folder containing tracks- you have to put them in a spreadsheet. Very basic app, not useful for existing libraries without a HUGE amount of manual typing.
Thanks for putting this app together...Im glad someone did! I have just under 2000 lp's, and I was hoping someone would do this. I put in only about 54 albums so far, got a long way to go! Thanks again.
With my large music collection this helps prevent second guessing  if I already own an album
I love the fact I can take a picture of the album cover if none other are available.
Looks nice on the LG watch Urbane, gold version. Please kill extra lit pixel at minute 47/48 marker. Thanks!
There was an app similar to this called the daily plate by livestrong...it was much easier to find more specific items on the other app I.e. "Starbucks venti nonfat butterscotch frappe"  with no problem.. in this one I find myself having to scan everything, but all in all it does what it's supposed to...helps you track cals in vs cals out and stick to your intake/outtake goals.
over all this app is smooth however if one is truely a work out person with knowledge then this app won't cut it. We need to be eatting smaller meals 5 to 6 times per day perhaps even more. This app fails to allow us to add more then 3 meal slots. I'll be heading back to a different app
Signup was too complicated, there doesn't seem to be any way to delete food from a meal if you accidentally add it, and to set your age is beyond ridiculous! Unless you're 22, you'll have to click backwards through the calendar to get to your birth date. Trust me, I was clicking a long time. Such a simple feature to let you type in your date, too. I don't know why they don't have it. Used it for 1 day and uninstalled.
Using web version for years and always missed having a good android app. This improved app is surely a wow with useful features like add + button, barcode and intuitive recent list. Just improve the search - it does not search keywords within 'my meals' and 'recent' items on app do not sync with 'frequently used'  on Web version. Sometimes you lose  saved items - does it say 'saved changes' too soon?
Cant use app. Need to have a Fakebook account, which I dont have or go through process of signing up with an email (what if the app sucks and i went to the trouble for nothing). Instead ill give you a negative review because - get with the times this is Andriod, why cant we just use Google account login?!
I really like this app. I've only been using it for a few days now so I haven't really seen any results in terms of weight loss but it is wonderful being able to monitor what I put into my body. My only problem is the barcode scanner. I not surprised it doesn't work for me since I'm in Iceland. It makes sense that the app doesn't have a lot of the stuff available here as I'm sure there aren't a lot of users from Iceland, but so far I've only been able to use the scanner once. I expected the app to at least have some of the imported stuff.
Ive only used for an hour so far so im not sure how helpful this review will be but so far i like it! I think the only thing that would make it better, is if you made your breakfast, lunch, or dinner from a online recipe it would be nice to take those exact ingredients. Otherwise pretty good
All in all I really like the layout of the app, it's easy to use and pretty straightforward. There's a fair amount of options and features for the app, I personally enjoy the ability to choose what time of plan you'd like to do for whatever you're trying to achieve. One issue I've come across that's really annoying is when using the add food feature. It closes out and refreshes what you were writing if you minimize the app. Which is really frustrating when you're trying to copy nutrition from online into the app. If they could fix that issue this app would be worth 5 stars to me.
Decent for a free app. Has definitely helped me keep track of the basics and is easy to use. It does seem to lack customization even if you pay, for instances I do 6 small meals a day but only allows you to track 4. Also have to really mess with portions to get the correct count can't just choose 1 oz of chicken have to enter 0.33 of a 3oz portion.
This is an easy to use app.  I've actually tried other apps and keep coming back to this one. There is functionality that I would like that is available with an upgrade, but I'm not willing to spend $45/year for an app. A one time fee perhaps, but an annual fee seems excessive. I'll continue to use the free version and also explore other apps that might bring more functionality I want at a lower price.
Not convenient to log amounts of foods. This does not give you an option amount types (ozs, tsp, cups, etc) without having to look at ALL their options. I have found "Lose It" to be more to my liking.
I love this app. It has been the best app I have found and it has helped me become aware of what and how much I was eating. It reminds me on my front page that I haven't done excercise because it says "0 calories burned" so I do some exercise and all is well.
The basic function of the app supposed to help you effectively create great workout and diet habits. Now they have taken away the burnt calories portion of the free app. So the greatest part of this app that was initially free you have to buy it now what's the point in having the app?
Beautiful, simple app, but lacks a significant feature  I really liked the app's look and feel: clean, simple, yet beautiful. However, for every ingredient it has only one unit of measurement and you can't use others. For example, cooked rice is measured in cups and I can't add the needed amount simply in grams.  Such high hopes, so much disappointment.
I absolutely LOVE this app! It keeps track of pretty much everything for me. The graphs to see your progress are a great plus! Also, the option to speak with other people who may be doing some of the same things you are, or struggling with the same things, helps tremendously! I HIGHLY reccomend this app! Great work devs!!!
I find it simple and pleasant to use, but it needs a few improvements to earn 5 stars -a favorite foods list, a working recipe bulder, and options for portion measures.  The barcode scanner works well for me.  The physical activity tracker overestimates calories burned, so I don't use it to track activities.
Great app and offers lots of features for free that similar apps charge for. Food library isn't too good so having to add a lot manually but I guess it's more accurate that way, therefore. It necessarily a negative!
Great so far. There were a few things it didn't recognize when scanning bar code which is disappointing.  Also I had a mini bite sized snickers and when I scanned the Barcode it said 4 pieces was the serving size however on the bag it clearly states 3 pieces. Not a big deal but makes me wonder what else might be off. Still a great app though.
I had begun to lose weight before using this app. I had gone from a low carb diet to a modified CICO and then I found this. Now I feel fat.  And it's great.  Update: Found some bugs like sometimes not being able to remove certain foods from meals. I've logged out, restarted my phone, and now I've uninstalled the app. Hopefully it'll work after this reinstall.
Buggy. Lost all my data when traveled into another time zone. Entering a new meal is such a pain. Doesn't support split screen. Search gets stuck on the first thing I searched for and keeps going back to it. Otherwise decent app. More features and less ads than MyFitnessPal.
I'm a high carb, low fat whole plant food vegan and I'm so grateful that you can customize micros and macros to actually healthy amounts! I've struggled to eat enough calories in the past and this app helps me make sure I'm not accidentally under-eating.
I just started using it. I've been in recovery from a restrictive type eating disorder for 3.5 years and I'm hoping this app will help me stay healthy. It's hard to find some food items on the app, but it is doable so I'll keep giving it a chance. So far, I've had a good experience with this app.
Update: Livestrong Customer Service said they are working on the glitch and helped me reset my app. I now have all the historical data. They were  great! This app makes dieting and staying on track super easy. Get it!!  I love this app, but when I have to turn on airplane mode, all data is wiped out. Submitted an online inquiry and got no response. Extremely disappointed!
It lacks basic functionality like copying meals from one day to another. The recent item list in only about 10 long and not organized. The barcode scanner doesn't work nearly as well as other apps. The calorie estimate for exercise are much different than what you find online. Too many problems for what is essentially a very simple app.
So you can't change the carb goal. It only lets you change protein and fat goals. The carbs are set at 40% and it will not allow you to change them. I quickly uninstalled this app. Searching for food on there is a nightmare and brings up just about everything else but what you are looking for. For example I typed in coconut oil and I get every other type of oil and had to go through about 20 different oils before it showed any coconut oils. Do not install this.
This is a very good app. I really like how I can keep track of the calories that I am putting into me. I have lost about 22 lbs in about 4 months without doing any exercise. I plan to start working out very soon to tone up my body
I like the app layout and how the daily review shows me all of my daily nutrition facts however the food search needs to be worked on BADLY it is awful. I can never find what I'm looking for by searching with words and sometimes even scanning a barcode doesn't work. Once the search results are better I will give 5 stars
It's too hard to delete things - the gui is a little underbaked, probably since there are so many features that its hard to prefect any of them.  The barcode scanning is awesome, as is the food database. But for a $45 a year app, it should be easier to navigate. Expensive too!
I need to cut down on what I eat to lose a lot of weight in a short time along with excercise. So this helps me track my calories perfectly which in turn motivates me to control what I eat and how much of it I eat. And due to this I am already seeing a difference in just1 week which clearly indicates I was overeating and never knew it. Thanks to the app, now I know😃!
I have only had it for a few days and I can already tell that it helped me so much. I don't eat a lot of known food, so it helps that it has so many variaties that you can log. I needed this and it's the perfect app!
This app is kicass- super easy to use and has great features. One of my favorites is the exercise add-on that accounts for calories burned, ergo you get some calories in your day back! Plus it links with Google fit and can track your steps. Lost 20+ pounds so far and this app was key.
This app helped me lose nearly 40 pounds and get in my best shape and Dr. Recommended "ideal target weight" at 41 years old. Never again will I allow myself to get heavy!   SO much more energy for hard workouts and life now! Do NOT settle for less than stepping into your own greatness!   As a newly published author (Beyond ADHD), this has helped me take my mental and physical health to the next level!
Can't enter your own custom foods. At least half the stuff I eat isn't in their library, and the closest thing usually differs by 20% or more. So it's pretty useless for diet tracking.
wow! believe or not, i just lost 4kg within 1.2 weeks by using this app to track my food calories intake. It helps me alot in choosing my daily diet with balance healthy food. I choose recommended calories intake and I'm less active person. I'm also like the features which is so straightforward and easy to use. I hope I will get my ideal BMI within time plan.
Don't waste your time. I have tried logging in to no avail. Have tried to reset my password numerous times, still nothing. Even emailed developers to ask for help and got no reply. If I could give 0 stars, I would.
I LOVE this app!! It's the only calorie tracking app that really works for me. All the other apps don't have all the food I eat already stored there, so I have to manually put my food in and say how many calories/macronutrients it has. Also, all the other apps didn't even have the correct amount of calories for simple things, like fruit & veggies.
So far so good.  One thing I noticed is that when I did an African dance workout and entered it, the steps I took during that workout were also counted by Google fit.  So isn't that going to skew my Cal count?  Also, the options for dance exercise could be expanded to include African, salsa, etc.
A great way to keep an eye on your calerie intake. Simple to use and a straight to the point app. Other apps have too many bells and whistles. I love that this app doesn't over load you with options that are not necessary.
I really love this app and been using this for almost 2 months now. However, there are 2 bit annoying things I encountered so far. It sometimes autochanges my weight to 0.0cm making my calorie intake lower and messing up my calorie rate chart, and adding up new food closes automatically upon minimizing or changing tab. But overall, good job on this app. Looking forward for the improvements!
This app is pretty good in terms of being able to track what you eat, but I'm having the same issue someone else mentioned. My calorie goal will not update when I try to adjust my goal weight and choose a calorie plan. I have the option to pick a recommeded daily calorie plan, but when I select it, my calorie goal won't update to reflect it. It gets reduced by 1,000 calories for some reason. Why is this? Pretty frustrating.
Bought this for my Huawei watch and I really love the design, but it does seem to chew through my battery.  One other problem I have is that the watch is supposed to show both zulu and roaming time - mine just shows zulu in both display areas. I would appreciate any hints on how to fix that?  Also when roaming the weather display is blank.  So because of those three niggles I can only give it 3
Never showed up as an available watch face for my "LG G Watch R". Tried uninstalling/reinstall, nothing showing up on watch or on phone.  Watch face showed up after a few days.  Not sure the cause of the delay.  It's a little "busy" but displays the info I need to have handy when at work. I wish I could change the "on" colors to something more visible in daylight than green.  But other than that, it does what I need.
I've been after an activity-based face for my Huawei watch and this ticks all the boxes. Yet to see how it's accuracy holds up when skiing, but it's the best I've found so far. Areas for improvement are: 1) Increase the polling time for speed and altitude (I'm going to be zooming!) 2) Remove the second hand for secondary clock (no point imo) 3) vibration feature if bad weather detected within next 3 hours in your location. 4) Touch points to open custom apps like skitracks, maps, weather, or zello. Thanks!
Weather settings have been adjusted correctly in settings but my weather still shows as 588 degrees and so forth for the day. It also kills the battery in my Huawei sport.
Edit: originally gave this 5 stars. Later I realized weather doesn't update, altimeter doesn't work, speed doesn't work, and can't get a response via email for support. I want a refund but since devs won't even respond for support it's unlikely. Would be the best face I've found if it worked but it doesn't. Be warned spend your money elsewhere. Shame I wanted a bunch of other watch faces from these guys but I've lost faith.
Looks really awesome, assuming you want a busy watch face. If you don't why are you looking at this? :-) Heart rate indicator is cool, I haven't seen another watch face with that feature so I was a bit dubious but it works fine. It would be really nice to be able to set the second time zone, having it UTC only is a bit pointless if you're in the UK!
Less then ten min and already took 10%
Excellent Watch face, just that the weather forecast,need to be in two digits, not three digits,Thanks
This face has more technology in it than the first Apollo space flight
OMG is all I can say fantastic watch face
Awesome
Once again, hopefully this update helps the battery in a huawei watch.  Wish you could change the colors on normal mode.  No brainer.  Get this one!
Saw a review of this watch face and decided to try it out - Awesome amount of information in one spot. Only criticism, no one will be fooled that you are wearing a regular watch with it on, but then again I don't care being a tech geek. 😉
Just bought the face. But it's not showing in my list of watches. Didn't load in my S7 edge, no where to be found. But did charge me ( money gone)
Fantastic. So much information on one screen
Would be five stars if showed current weather.
Excellent Information. Just draining battery too fast then normal. Can you please provide a feature which while selecting a window of any info that window gets enlarged otherwise we have to stare for the i fo which is in tiny fonts.
Love it!
Looks nice but it drains battery really fast. And the BPM monitor is fake. My office desk is registering at 121 BPM. My macbook is registering at 117BPM.  THEY'RE ALIVE!!!!!   Update: In response to your question, my watch is an LG G Watch R. Update 1/21: Is BPM going to be fixed?
Lots of stuff going on in this face!  So far, it is not a real hog on battery life. Will test more today.  Messed with a bunch of the settings to get it the way I want it.
Unable to set Zulu time. Apart from that, it's great.
Wish you could change colors like all other faces from dev but great app
Weather forcast doesn't work
I must say it is a very cool looking watch face with oodles of real utility designed into it :)
Lots of fun enjoy all the possibilities keep up the good work and keep on adding and keep on making new ones
Well designed face. All the data you could want and it is all configurable.
Need red!
Would like red color though...
Really nice watch face, one of the best "geeky type" faces on the play store I reckon. Bit heavy on the power consumption but still a really stunning watch face. Top marks Dev. Thanks.
A lot of info at a glimpse
On use it every few days
Love everything else but the wrong weather. Should use other source like yahoo..
5/17/2015                                           New version fixed the issue.  Thanks for fast response.                                           Urbane and Samsung Galaxy S4 GPE, other than that the layout looks great but drains the battery, I wish we had option to turn off features like heart rate monitor.
Love this face. Only falt is battery meters turn white in ambient mode. Can we have them stay green. Also need to be able to disable heart rate monitor in ambient mode not just on or off. Battery draining. Otherwise great.
Info on the face is well done, and you can see it all. Unlike others where it's too pixilated. Battery is only issue but that's too be expected with so much info going on.
A little cluttered and difficult to read.
Great watch face, but it would be nice to have a configurable night mode that woul be automaticaly activated at Sunset till Sunrise, like the Ranger face. Also, a dual hour would be nice for Zulu users, like in Portugal and UK.
This drains my battery in about 5 hours no matter what I turn off! Like the watch face though.
Would get five stars if it displayed step count.
Great face
Downloaded this for the Mickey Watch face I saw... installed, selected, searched, zero Mickey watch face... must have been removed... such is the case with this app.
Sometimes you need to go retro, and what could be better than this? Very nicely done!
Excelent but still with margin for improvement. Please, more options, including different dial colors.
It's great but how do I install to my watch
It is very bad batch face you can not read correctly the time.
How the hell can I download and see watch face on my watch... no instructions nothing. I did everything I can do.
Doesn't work won't load to my watch
It a g.thing.
Is ok
SURESH
Nice watch face
Good
What a load of poop.
Love it!
You deserve more download. I love your designs!
My favorite
Too many are complex eye sores eating the watches battery.  I like that you can control the ambient screen brightness, be cool if you can change it by the time of day. Noon very bright, 10pm half brightness
Does not let me add to my Huawei. Watch it worked on there before I payed for this app and now it won't work help. My favorite watch face
Very nice. Animations are great. Doesn't need additional customisation in my opinion. I wouldn't worry about such requests. Leave it simple and stylish. Looking forward in seeing more from you guys
This is a great looking watch face. My only problem is that it flashes on/off when my Moto 360 is charging. No other watch face does this.
Really good watch face.  However, if I put Moto 360 on the charger, the charging clock face repeatedly flashes off and on.  To deal with this, I have to select an alternative watch face before placing on the charger.
My favourite 360 watch face with classy colours and animations. BUT watch flashes on and off constantly when on charge. 5 stars when fault fixed.
Mobilefactory.at please fix the watchface with some minor tweaks.     Different date position,  different color for hands and outer ring.
No customization. Availabe run of the mill
Amazing, maybe make the date style more customizable. I'd love a rectangular date box with the month and day.
Love it. Why do I get ui error?
Not bad. It looks really luxurious when applied on my Huawei watch Gen 1 with metal band.
Like it very much. Nexus 5. GWR
Awesome on the 360 looks great with the animations really really nice job guys
The only watch face I've paid for use it  on the Gwatch
This watch face looks great, very clean, awesome.
What's with the flashing while charging though
Goes well with my gold 360
Love the design.
Classic
Good face.
Perfect!
Sublime
Really smooth animations and makes my 360 look amazing and professional!
Init ui error. The date does not work on moto 360 2nd edition
Simple and elegant on moto 360
I really like it. Just one thing, can you add the ability to have your phone battery show on the face?
Great first start with this new app. I'd like to see the seconds scroll smoothly as well as additional options for displaying time, such as the option to move minutes and seconds to the center.
It's great!
Awesome pixel art watch face. Glad to see the developer listening to feedback. Now the only thing missing is an optional square face. For square watches, at a minimum it would be nice to have the option of coloring the portion around the circular face black.
Cool face. Matches my s7 pixel theme, but date option will not show even when enabled. Would give 5 stars if it did.
It's not bad, but I'd like to customize colors with a color picker UI. Also square watches support is really barebones, the clock contour line should be square, it would look much better. I'll gladly update my rating if updates implement these features.
But needs a way to customize the colors beyond the preset options. A simple RGB slider would do the trick. More importantly, however, is that Ambient Mode doesn't show notifications/cards.
Really cute, easily readable, looks great. A second hand would be great though.
I love this watch face and use it all the time but there absolutely needs to be more color options for for hands and backgrounds! Aside from that it's perfect!
Although wish we had more options the the one black and white face when in powersave mode
It makes me feel like I'm wearing a watch straight from a video game. In my opinion, the watch faces that try to emulate the appearance of a real watch are tacky. On the other hand, this has a charming and unique look. It fits with the context of a smart watch. My only critique is that I wish the colors could be changed.
This is my favorite watch face by far. It definitely stands out and is super bright. I do miss having a date indicator, but it really wouldn't fit this design.
Very unique. Please bring colour change options.
I like it :-) don't know what its like on the battery as I've only just purchased it.60p though happy days! Lg g watch r.
Has a Terraria feel. Love it!
Love the style, but it seems that it's not supported on square watches. I bought it but can't find anywhere so I refunded back.
Lots of useful features. Battery drain definitely low as advertised. Some of the text could be a bit larger, but other than that a nice daily use face.
Great watchface 😊 would like weather icons to switch color with the color themes otherwise awesome watchface
Look really nice on my Diesel watch. Please add a red theme in the next update.
This is my main go-to face.  It offers almost everything I want.  I love the look, the widgets and third party complication support.  It has the best battery life of any third party face that I have tried. The only thing I could ask for would be customizable shortcuts.... Just two or three to make it easy to launch alarms and timer, etc.  But even without that, it's nearly perfect.  Thank you!
I think this is the best looking watch face I've seen so far. One thing I'd like to see is the ambient display to have an auto brightness setting of some sort. I don't know how I feel about having one setting especially due to battery drain on the always on screen. Other than that, I have no complaints thus far. Love it.
Best looking watch face in a while however I would like to make a couple of suggestions/comments:  1. watch and phone battery indicator should be a separate complication as not everyone uses google fit. currently, you have to use google fit to have watch/phone battery indicators. i have a HW2 classic and have to use a 3rd party complication which doesn't show battery indicators  2. again, i have a HW2 classic and have just updated to 8.0 oreo. something is causing my battery life to decreased by 50% since using this watch face. the only thing that i can think of is either the weather or compass complications. i switched over to another watch face and battery life returned to normal.
Update: (Feb 2018)you guys are doing a fantastic job adding new features I never knew I wanted! Love the currency feature. Thank you. Bought the premium version. Maybe add a donate button somewhere?   (January 2018)Great watch face, do you think it's possible to store heart rate readings in Google fit? If that would be possible it would be great.
Been looking for a good watch face for ages. Nicely put together and got everything under one roof 👍
This is the best watch face so far, on second place my original "Portions" on LG Watch Sport LTE,the rest too fancy and less costumizable,these two- put and decent amount of info in compact manner that easily allows you to read it. Love ,hope the Author will create some additional versions.
Excellent watchface. Brought also the premium version to support the developer. Also you can try all features for free which is really nice.
Great watch face but the lock screen does not seem to work on my watch with this face. It works fine on other ones I have 5 stars if this can be fixed
I bought the premium version. Still it shows DEMO MODE and Mobile battery percentage is incorrect.
The free version has a "Demo Mode" inscribed at the bottom..too bad
The best watchface that you can find right now. Gives you all of the features for free by the way
How do I donate, can't figure it out lol
Great watch face.. Like it very much
Great looking and functional watch face
My favorite watchface!
Excellent, I recommend it 👌👍
functional and convenient watch face
Nice looking face.
High quality!
Love this! Main daily driver, couple of suggestions. Any possibility of adding the ability to save custom themes and also change the background color from black and when chosing a custom color giving the ability to add color codes to get exact color wanted?
Платная версия. Приятный вид. Автор работает над программой,  спасибо! Выглядит очень элегантно. Но, будьте осторожны, если у вас нестабильный интернет, то часы при неудачной попытке обновить погоду, будут постоянно делать запросы, что высадит батарею за несколько часов.
Great watchface. Highly customisable. Lots of features. Great battery life. Easy to tell the time. Developer quick to respond to bugs.
Great watch face, highly recommended, only option I'd like to see added is to increase the size of the digital time.
Took me so long to find this. Very customizable, looks great.
no phone battery show for paring of Huawei watch and phone
Quality! You need this one in your catalog.
Love it - beautiful and customizable
Awesome features all in one.
Finally I have found this great watch face after trying many watch faces previously where I had to pay for premium features and then I  uninstalled all of them because I didn't like them at the end. This is far the best watch face I have ever used or ever tried on my Asus ZW3. All features work without paying for anything but I paid for premium because this developer deserves it for sure...Thanks and keep up good work!
absolutely love it
Great watch face. Good that you can try out all features before buying. Features I liked: possibility to have a very dim ambient screen, combined complications for common things like day of week and date and steps and battery. Worth buying. Improvements: make it easier to customize the colours. Now it's hard to pick the same colour for different categories.
Good watch face. Tried loads. This one is my daily driver. One minor issue - if the weather complication is set to monochrome, the sunrise/sunset add-on shows a moon all the time, in full colour mode it shows the sun during the day and the moon during the night correctly.
Best watch face out there. I said I would never pay for a watch face and this one gave you a lot of option for free even though it's says demo everything still worked I still paid for the premium version out of respect for the developer
Best watchface ever! Has everything I want in a clean, eligant design. As promised after last update, purchased. This is too good to be free. Some battery optimizations would be great and than I'll be recommending this to everyone.
Amazing face watch I use it on my ticwatch e I paid the 2.50 for premium just to remove the not premium words but this is hands down best watch face
I hope you change the looks a little bit. The hands dont quite blend with the watchface...
Very nice watchface with lots of info on screen..
Yes! 24hr mode has been added as an option. I was waiting for this and now the watch face has it, I've purchased Pro after being a free user for a good while.  Pleased with the customisable options which accompany the purchase. The only thing which saves the face getting a full 5 stars is subscription weather. I hear what the dev says about the quality, but could we not at least have the option of a no cost (but not as accurate) setting? Echo others in hoping complications are on route also.  Nice, clean, usable face - thanks.
This is growing to be my favorite watchface, but the unfortunate lack of an option for translucent peek cards is steering me away from it (since I cannot see the date / battery and even the hour sometimes when I have a notification compared to other face watches). Would certainly love having this feature on my Moto 360!
It's great. Please add option to display Realfeel temperature and current temperature on watch face not just condition. I hope complications are coming soon. Thank you
My favorite watchface so far. I hope complications are on the roadmap!
App caused screen ghosting (dead unfixable pixes). Otherwise loved it. Have both versions.
Feature Request: I like your app very much, but I've request that please add an option in which we can place hour in place of minutes and vice versa, I'll give you 5 stars indeed. Thanks
I did not authorize a $0.99 / month subscription. Woke up to a confirmation email. Beware of this scam. I usually never do this but honestly it did that all on its own.
Very minimal watchface, love it! I'm really looking forward for sandard android wear complications!
use selected temperature unit also on watch face. if I selected °C I don't want to see 70+ degrees!!!!! what about saving own customizations to patterns, so I can select these after experimenting with colors and settings
nice design but needs a non subscription option
Most visible of watch faces
Great, love the design
excellent
Not sure what is happening, but I installed the watch face (on LG GWatch R) and it didn't come up as a face option on my watch. Paid for pro and no way to get a refund. Also does not appear in my list of installed apps... I have to search for it. Might be my phone playing about.
It works! If you could make the ambient mode look just like when it is in full lit mode, it would be perfect! An option for full display in ambient mode please. :)
I love the app and is my favourite watch face. I've been using it for more than a year and I don't want to switch.
add complications and a squared order of the numbers and I'll buy the pro version.
It's just super awesome. By the way, possible to get both watch and phone battery shown  on the screen?
I like this watchmaker it is my current.  I wish it had a step counter
Pay for premium and pay every month for weather.. Realy?
My main watch face. Simple clean look with lots of cutomizations
Awesome !!!
amazing, and simple
In the app I was deeply concerned about the subscription until I came to the play store and saw how subscriptions work and how to cancel. In the app there should be info about that because there's nothing scarier than feeling you're signed up for an indefinite paid subscription.  I'll do it for a while, the watch face seems to tick the right boxes visually and functionality.
One of the best watch faces ever!! Just upgraded to the weather, EXCELLENT JOB!  Use this there most out of all faces available. I've deleted all the other faces I've downloaded. Why bother? This is the BEST!! Still is the BEST!
Best watchface for your every day travelling, quick at finding the information you need. I would love if you can add an option to swap the hour with the minute position.
This is my 1st purchase in play store I'm loving this android wear look. It will be great include weather in pro purchase since this currently need to be bought separately.
Does not find my watch although connected
One of the best face watch ever! This face watch is a keeper. Highly recommended...
Very minimalistic and so simple to use. Can't wait for the upcoming features. Keep it simple.
East yo use
Love the watch face
Ok
Very Good
Usefull
Useless
Perfect
I like it very much, I use it on my LG G watch R.                                                      L.E. I like it so much I bought it yesterday. I really like the pro features, keep up the good work guys!  Some suggestions from my side: 1. A way to select the weather provider because I have different forcasts on my phone and watch (s7 default forcats provider is AccuWeather) 2. Display only the batery procentage without the icon (IMO it occupies too much space)
Looks good, innovative, works good also. But the idea about the subscription service to get weather information isn't a good one. People would rather pay for the app as a one time thing only than have a monthly subscription since Google app can give you that info for free. If you guys turn it into a paid app you are gonna sell way more than using the subscription. I've seen lots of comments like mine around the subscription for getting additional stuff. Other than that it is great app!
Updated to Pro.. And very pleased.   It would be fantastic if it was possible to include a visual alert to upcoming events by having the font or background change color... Looks great and the highlighting of the minutes is ideal for keeping track of the time before your next scheduled activity
Second hand shouldn't freeze in place during ambient display. It should just disappear. Temperature doesn't seem to load immediately upon setting face.  Overall, very impressive and useful face.
Please update the watch face, the hour and second hands are pixelated as if it's low resolution. Otherwise a great looking watch face spoiled by the low resolution feel
Tried a resync of apps, but nothing. Can't select the watch face.
Nice and clean and simple.
I can't get the weather to update. Great design though.
will not sync to my moto 360. only app PR face I have am issue with
After installing its not showing up on my android wear list. I'm using LG G Watch R. And I missed the time frame for a refund.
Classic Design updates me with weather and battery status, Add more watch faces like military..
I am using on a Moto360, the battery status and date are not showing. Please fix
Loved it
I didn't get the app,to work on the phone it stayed stuck on loading screen BUT The app will install in the watch. Hit the button on the watch and it will bring up the menu run  wear launcher or android wear. Select laucher you will the laucher. I like that you can have apps on the home screen, and uninstalling apps from the watch is a plus. 3 apps shortcuts will show up on face but you can add more and scroll on icons
It says I can use it with my own watch face, but how? I set my watch face and the only way I can get this launcher back is to press the button on my watch, then my watch face is gone and I have to set it again. Maybe I'm stupid, or maybe it's just the way it is, who knows, nothing in the app to explain it.
It deserves a try
doesn't work. sent email for help. no response yet.
It's a great concept, but it lacks notification support and the lockscreen settings crashes, LG G Watch, 6.0.1 M1D64S.
Tried to send the watchface to a friends s2 gear with no luck. Attempted to select the pokemon then even changed some colors and still no luck after sent. The developer explained that the watch isn't android wear but tizen so sadly it won't work properly. But it also doesn't work with my new smart watch 3 by Sony. No watch faces to select or anything....I paid 2$ before this was free the creater did refund my money but I would like to see the 12 hour clock option as well
OK...one thing I have to say.... For the pokemon watchface... Can u also put the option to change it to the 12 hour format and not 24hr.... Plzzzzzzzzz
Just rotate through them with a swipe or bottom tap or something would be enough
Crashes on Startup
Would not install on my Moto 360. Kept crashing.
Cool watchface but it gives stopped working error when you try to access settings.
Great app
Very nice
Nothing got special
Crashes every time I try and set it as my watch face. Disappointing too, because according to the pics, it may have had everything I wanted. Moto 360 gen1.
So its having problems with showing me my phones' battery life and weather, I contacted dev and he told me its my issue. just wow
Do not install these apps from this company it will ruin your phone and watch had to factory reset after uninstall to get all things working.😠😞😞😭
Made my phone and watch reboot
Not stable
Since latest Android wear update I have to synch both the phone app and the watch app constantly for Google fit and weather to work properly. The watch app takes over the phone app on default goals, weather a d other settings so what's the point of having the phone app then?
Yeah, didn't realize the free version looked so different than the premium version. Not interested in paying for it, if I cannot test it. The free version looks cheep, and not at all what I want. Sorry, no go.
Useless weather,  after synchronized, still show 0C on the wear. Cannot change weather provider, it is required Purchase.
It's good but I have to keep disconnecting and reconnecting google fit to reset my steps counter. It keeps freezing.
My favourite watch face of all time but unfortunately cannot use it anymore as after the last android wear update there has been devastating sudden battery drain issues, please optimise this excellent watch face so people can use it and I'll be your best friend ;-)
Try reinstalling it still says free.
Some  spam inside
This is the best watch face i have ever used!
Nic
Hi
Besst
My favorite watchface as of the moment. Just a question? Have can i add moonphase in the complications? similar to the images posted
Watch face only ever shows phone battery as 13%
I purchased this but when I try to use it it says not p purchased. What gives.
Is not working
Bakwas app.... Kio Mt add krna.... 👎😬😤😠😠
The best   I
Nice app...
Yes... Nice watchface and enjoy using it. Also with vibrate on hour, good job
Fake
Just installed a couple of minutes ago. Face works wonderful. It looks great in a LG Sport. At this time, I just have a couple of faces, but I could say it is the most useful face I have found.
What's the LMH in the middle of watchface?
no free version chit
Obsolute  Blunder
Brilliant thanks
Love this face, only issue is the dot text in the left & right hand info windows are hard to read as it's faint. Next to impossible in day light, needs a solid text option like in the example photos for the face. Other than that it has everything at a glance.
Bought premium. Complications do not work on face. Cannot change shortcuts. Overall bad purchase.
Will not install
Nicely
Great watchface. I love the detail of the complications. The default color could use some tweaking though to really stand out.  It would have been nicer to get a taste of them before I purchased though.  But I guess you are relying upon the Play Store's refund process instead.
LE: The predefined colours can be accessed just if you buy premium version. After I tried for 20 minutes to find out what colours they used on demo screen I gave up. Is it so hard to put some predefined colours instead of just those stupid dials?
Great features, but weather fails to update regularly, and date number is so small and close to the month name, it is very difficult to read.
Was an amazing watch face and then last week Google fit steps stopped working (not updating) account is linked fine and other watches faces from the same Dev work without any issue.
I just purchased the  app on my  Moto  2.5 and  it is not on my watch face at all. I followed your directions and went to the app store on my watch  and I could not even find the product  Yes that is the one. 2nd Gen. Thank you. That worked. Prompt service
It showing thunderstorms, but I reality it's very sunny lol. Misleading info
Nice design. But text and background color setting have a bug that change the color you selected.
It isn't showing up on my Samsung Gear 2. I've bought two faces and this is the 2nd one that doesn't transfer from phone to watch,  so I  can only rate it based on the lack of download to my watch.
Uninstalling, will not load on my watch
Good and nice face watch
Very interested app i likely it.
Temp doesn't show in F° , although I've set it to in watch master
Exactly what is meant to look like!
Sir  Your App is the best App as the simplicity and fast response..It is not seen in any of the similar app..  It is so fast and get the result even before we think.. Some of the features may be added..  1.Saving a trip as per the PNR , automatically added by reading Railway SMS..Or user can enter PNR manually.  2. Announcement of station names directly for each station - at the station , just before the arrival of next station. As in Metro /Suburban Trains.
It is a good app, no advertisement, Right information available in this app. Very Useful App.
It is very helpfull app for me and i also suggest everyone to instal and use this app
Best  Every min update with km to reach next stoppage
Nice app very useful to all the people
Good app to know train & PNR status
Ok But some changes you should apply
Most useful and accurate result...Loved it...
Very good and useful apps
Plz add alarm for not in train person.
I really  like it, this is best network connected app and very very useful.   I also want to be use this app again and again
If we can do reservation from this it will be no 1 app
Very very good app ilove you
Good and helpfull app
I like this app
Very good app, if possible plz tell platform numbers for departure train
Please add in railway time not am&pm
Great and awesome helpfull app for all Indian railway related enquiries.
This is the best route finder. Its used without data
Very nice
Best in best.thanks
Super app.
I think this is best application for train enquari
Most beautiful app and simple to use
Owesom app
Super app
It's very good app
Best App... very helpful to me
Awesome app for location of trains
Very nice helpful app
Best app for Indian Railway
Easy to use and accurate information
Amazing
it helpfull every time...
Very nice app
So nice app
Awesome and Simple.
Super
Wow
Nic
Like "tasker for  the Dumbbells ". Simple. Beautiful graphics.
This app let's me issue gestures from my watch! A Simple to use interface with premium watch faces! Well worth considering the pro version!!
Deceptively simple app which lets you quickly access all your different functions, really easy to understand and useful straight away. Great
Interesting look, but not very good user experience. Also, it is using batter power on my phone when it's not the active face on my watch. That's reason enough for me to uninstall immediately.
White man
Great depth and resolution on Moto 360 2nd gen. Only detraction is hands hard to read when in Greyscale/Ambient mode
My favorite watch face and the only custom I use. Battery was approximately the same after my day of work compared to standard moto 360 faces, from the comments it seemed people had issue. Lots of customization, utility and it looks great. One annoying issue though, the time and date are on the bottom of the screen so when there's a notification (or in my case, Pandora which always shows) the most critical part is blocked. A nice option would be to put the battery displays on bottom and time on top. Please!
Nice watch face but recently has become such a battery hog, I've had to stop using it. My Urbane would previously go 2, nearly 3 days without a charge, I don't get through a day with this face running. I've pared back some of the actions, like disable location and the ISS updates but it still kills the battery. Great looking but no longer useable unfortunately.
I don't like many watchfaces, but I love this one.  One request: Would like to be able to set the Digital Clock to an alternate time zone.  Even if it were just an hour offset ("+2 Hours" "-3 Hours" etc), would be sweet.  Cool watch face!
I'm a bit of a watch face addict and can tell I'll be wearing this for a long time to come. Great theme colors and detail although it would be great to be able to zoom in on your location somehow I can't really see the UK from the distance it's set at. The news tickertape is a nice touch. Well done.
Nice idea, but not an atlas. US centric. Doesn't adapt to anywhere out of North America. I'm Scottish, and it's not really got any relevance to me. I've uninstalled it.  Can I have a refund?
I never review anything on the market place but i have to say this watch face is the best one out there. Good looking, smooth and informative interface.
In monochrome mode the south pole appears as a large white mass, the white minute digits (which are also white) then disappear. In short, the digital time in ambient mode is totally useless unless you want to either chew through your battery with full color mode or use energy saving mode which is simple white digits on a plain black background.
Couldn't get the watch face nor its companion app to install on my phone or watch at all. I unpaired the watch, reset it, and reinstalled everything and I still couldn't get it to work. I've never been this frustrated over a stupid watch face.
Just wanted to say thank you for the assist in getting it to work. I redownloaded it & it looks amazing! Awesome depth of customise options too.
Love it, nice and clear and lots of options for colour and activities. Is there anyway to keep ticker tape running all the time?
The tweaks, the functionality, the overall appearances of this watchface, all oh-so-good!
couldnt get it working at first, but now it looks amazing!
Took some time to settle and sync to where I am on the globe but now it has it's great!
Cany seem to find the APp... Hi Phlash, it's been 7 days , I still don't see it on my Moto 360 2 ... is there a way to push it ...
App was a battery hog. When directly let developer know they blew me off and told me I was being dramatic
Wush i could fix it.
Please add second time zone for digital watch.
I should get my cash back
Done payment, not getting installed.
Great watch face but why don't the settings hold - pretty frustrating....
I wish the globe was rotating rather than being still
one of the nicest watch faces out there by far.
Great App
You have done it again with "ATLAS".  The "NAVI" watch face was my favourite but now i can't decide between this one and that now. Both are exquisite and so customizable to get the look you want. Keep up the good work. Oh.... and those with battery drain problems, turn off the ISS tracker until you want to use it as that helps significantly.
I love the watch face, like a geochron but I have to nick it 2 stars because it's a battery drain. My watch went from 60% to 9% in less than 10 hours. There's no way I could go a full day between charging like a stock face. I use a Huawei watch. Improve battery life and it's 5 stars.
This face looks fantastic and provides excellent info. I'm on my first day with it and can already tell it's killing my watch battery. Hopefully some optimizations are in the works.
Casio WSD-F10:  This has to be one of the sickest watch faces out there.  Awesome work.  The detail in the graphics is just amazing.  Love the battery meters for both the phone & watch as well as the Day/Night feature.
Ignore me. Wasn't giving it time to update. Stellar work guys. It's the only non traditional watch face I'll have.
Awesome watchface looks really smart and works great so thanks! I thought it would be cool if there was something in the settings to allow you to change orientation or centre on a different place on the atlas, don't know if this is possible but would be very cool!
I like the map idea, but the hour + min hand look like their possessed after watch comes out of ambient mode, ripping around the screen until settling on current time. Please make them just snap to the current time, eliminate the issue.
'not feeling refreshed' // centering map on users correct location would make this actually useful  beyond esthetics. i will definitely look out for the bugfix and adapt my rating.
I have been using this face for less than a day. I do not know how much it affects battery life on my First Generation Moto 360 yet, what I do know is how much I love how it's a real time GeoChron for your wrist. This may be the first face to get me to move on from my Minimal and Elegant face. So far, it's incredibly beautiful and I look forward to seeing it every time I bring up my watch to read it. Beautiful face. Thanks!
Can someone please make a watch face that while the watch isn't moving the watch hibernates or shuts battery to its lowest setting to conserve the battery or make an option to control power once it gets to a certain percent, it shuts down to just show time.great app.
Just found it installed it,  ambient mode can I see full minute and hour hands, I changed it to Digital because I did not like the short analog hands.
One of my best watchfaces so far! Like the city lights and day-night themes.
I love the look and feel of this watchface but it seems the ISS is not in sync with its actual location. I often watch it overhead and always track its location but on this app its nowhere near where it shows on the watch
It says its been installed on my phone but no where to be found?  What is your email  How do you uninstall something you can't find
I really like this face. Worth the money for sure. So cool. We shall see what it does to my batt life but that matters little when I look at this face
Give it a few minutes after download, a notification will show up on your watch.
Love it, very smooth, just found settings for the ISS in Android wear app on my phone. Love ISS on my wrist, thank you Phlash!
Love the watchface HATE dim modes, please give an option to turn off dim mode and your raring will get a couple stars
Really like this face! Any chance for a digital option?
Just wish there was some minor customizing available-remove Prado name, insert my own or a logo.
Blue color is shaky with thin white lines, not clean like other colors on Moto360
I'm trying 2 different altimeters. This one seems to be the most accurate.
Does not look good on the Asus Zenwatch 2 rectangle screen. Hope you can make a compatible face.
Cool
I really like the artistic design of the whole line.
Very goood
Love it looks so cool would in my opinion only thing missing is a yellow colourway 👍🏻
Doesn't work in all watches
Looks cool as on the Huawei watch
One of my favorites
Ilovit
Very cool
Sleek and cool
It was running perfectly on Huawei watch when it was connected to a huawei phone, now it does not work at all when my watch is connected to blackberry priv, although all android wear apps are running smoothly except for this one
ดีมากๆ
Unable to open apt on my Gear2S-3g with AT&T & Best Buy tech support. Help
Very good watch
Sent me an ad in the notifications...
Nice I love them
On huawei
Good
I like it..just one problem..a minor annoyance but an annoyance just the same..the color reverts back to green after the first time out..sure I like green but the other colors look good as well
Weird font and not very useful in ambient mode
...but reverts to Green all the time on my LG Urbane?
It won't install. Galaxy S-4, Gear S2
great design but lagging moto 360 2nd gen
Really cool I like the look I wish there was a way to stop it from moving around as an option
Great work,  you people showed up really
Impressive design ,keep it up
Click setting of the apps in Android Wear 2.0 reboot the phone (Nokia 6).
Boot looped my watch even after uninstall
Doesn't fit the square face
Nope - sorry
Unable to uninstall......
I love it thanks
This is a good watch
Great looking watchface with smooth animations and a good amount of customisation options available. My only request would be for more options on what can be displayed in ambient mode like the date or battery meter.
This watch face is definitely a keeper. Very customizable and works so amazingly. The animations are great.
Can you include steps to make it even better? Maybe yesterday vs today?
I have to say this watch is the best I have it on all my watches.
Great watch face!
The face is very smooth and looks very nice. Lots of customization available. My only request would be to add phone/watch battery level options and simple weather. I miss those when using this face.
But if there's an OPTION for watch and phone battery available, it will be more awesome.
Nice watch face! A little different than the rest. One thing, I'd like the animations to happen when I wake the watch not just after minute change. If it's already supposed to do this, it's not on the zenwatch.
Works as intended, no lag, looks great on Square Watches such as my LG G Watch. Glad I picked it up. Only thing better is if Weather was added.
Nothing else like it.
If I reboot my watch with this face selected, upon reboot, "Falling Mosaic has stopped responding" literally every time I reboot, and just many other odd times LG G Watch R, 5.1.1 & Galaxy s6 edge Android 5.1.1
Would also look great as a widget or live wallpaper for the phone.
Good
Its ok so far will update when I use it
It not working at all 😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥
Looks pretty awful on a Polar M600, not sure what watch this is designed for.
Works great on my Moto 360!
... complete waste of  your time
On my new watch. ASUS ZenWatch 2. The ambient mode looks horrible on the AMOLED screen. I had an LG G Watch with a LCD screen and it worked fine. The buttons don't work and can't change the color with the tap. It seems like none of the settings apply except color changing on the phone
I love the look of the watch face and even bought Premium.  However, that was a disappointment.  Once enabled, you can turn off the weather icon/updates and there is no unread notifications icon, which many of the newer watch faces have.
I feel like i wasted my money on this watchface. Installed it on my moto360 2nd gen.battery level drops at a very faster rate  as compared to other watchfaces. Moreover many bugs as mentioned in other comments. Waste of money
Looks good but the premium options are real buggy.  Uncheck "change color on tap" and it still changes color on tap. Color changer in app doesn't work until I change the face and reapply it. Ok Google in center doesn't work.
It isn't showing me any steps all it shows is 0 steps please fix that. I have a moto 360 1st Gen.
I loved the design so I paid for premium. Unfortunately there exist some irritating limitations. The watch face color toggle in settings no longer works; I cannot lock in my selected color, and always risk changing it by touching the watch face. The ability to activate "Ok Google" by tapping the watch face also does not work. Furthermore, the weather forecast does not even display current day's forecast--only the next several days. I have no idea what the high or low will be later on today. Not worth the $1
the watch face is pretty neat, looks nice, shows battery life and has short cuts which are nice.  But, all the options seem to be broken, there's a "change color on tap" option that cycles to a random color watch face when you tap the watch, which is extrenly annoying and is still doing it with the option off.  Short cuts work fine most of the time, but they will completely stop working (but still show on the watch) for no reason, and I have to reset the app settings everytime to fix it  And after spending $1 (not a lot I know) I expect the premium options to be premium and work.
I used to love this watch face, and even bough Premium, but with the fact that it's gotten buggier and buggier as time goes on, it almost seems like it's been abandoned. I'm also experiencing the color changing on touch even after disabling the option and it won't even show up on my watch after upgrading an LG G6. Please update this watch face, cause I want to keep using it
Had high hopes for this watch face, but unfortunately it has too many bugs.  The step counter doesn't sync and the weather also doesn't apply location, so it isn't accurate.  I do like the look, just too bad it doesn't function correctly.
So far this is a decent watch face. I like that it doesn't kill a lot of my battery. It would be nice if this utilized the flat tire on the moto 360 instead of having part of it disappear at the bottom/ where the 6 is. Like have the face be fill whether it has a flat tire or not
Using it on my LG Urbane, I noticed the premium options have a couple of glitches. I think it might be the phone app, not my watch, since changes take forever to happen on my watch
I like the watchface, but the companion app on the phone keeps crashing in the background (about once every 2 days). it should not even be running in the background.
I really like the look of this watch face, unfortunately, it will not install on my lg style. Not sure if it's not compatible with this watch as it's very new or with wear 2.0, but I'll re assess if it becomes compatible.
Bought this watch and upgrade so that the watch face would stay on long enough to take a pulse or respiration. Chose 60 seconds but disappears consistently after 5 seconds.
This is a great watch face but I'd like to have the option of more shortcuts than just the 3 slots and be able to select any installed wear app. I'd also like to see more indicators at once because I'd like to see date, weather, wind speed, steps and battery at the same time or some selection of them
Bought the premium version. .....BUT the watchface just won't install on my LG R Watch. Can I have a refund please??  Tried again. Says it's installed but it does not show up on my watch LG G Watch R. So please give me a refund ..... or explain why not!
I like the watch face but I'm not able to apply it to my watch. It's neither showing in the Android wear app nor is it in the list of watch faces in the settings of my watch. What do I do?
Hi,  I like the face but none of the shortcuts work on my Michael Kors Access. Could I have a refund on my order please. Order number is GPA.3387-6347-7089-64455. Thanks, Craig
Please add support for sync with Google Fit data to the steps counter. I see no option in this app, or in the Fit app to connect Cool Circle.
Purchased the premium app & it didn't give me the interactive options on the watch face.. Waste of money :(
Does not appear on my moto 360 2nd generation. Useless app
Downloaded From the play store, paid for premium features and done as suggested in the description and resynced apps through android wear. However, the watch face has not synced to my android wear device despite trying this a number of times.
Paid for twice and still doesn't show steps or weather.
I really like this app but I had to reset my watch and after that nothing I try gets the cool circles app to show up in Android Wear.
I like this app but I would like to see more selection in the apps shortcuts there, like Shazam, Google's messenger, Google's slides. Etc.
I resynced the Android App. The watch face that is installed in my LG6 will not show in the app or watch. Please advise.
I bought the premium features, but they're not working. Please give me a refund ASAP.
Can't change from Celsius on free version. Uninstalled.
Nice look with great options....but paid for shortcuts on watch face that don't work....
Watch updated and now interaction is locked behind paywall.
...it has been my favourite watch face since I got my watch!
Great looking watch face with many different color options.
I love this watchface. I wish for premium for Christmas💖
Best battery life on moto 360
Best watch face ever!
By far my favourite
Nice
I love this face, but the recent update no longer stops the changing colors with pressing the center. It used to be it had to be checked to change to random colors. But now it does it regardless.
This is one of my favorite watch faces but there is a bug which does not allow you to disable the "change colours on tap" button
This does everything I need it to do.  UPDATE: Why is the weather not updating anymore even though it is enabled in the app?
Many watch faces look like the cockpit of a 747. They jangle my nerves. Simple watch faces can be boring or blingy. This one strikes nice balances, which is hard to do.
I like the watch face and the animations. The menu needs to look less like an ad and more like a menu. I tried to remove the year but the option doesn't work. Also, I'd like to see the seconds of the time removable. Thank you for such a cool watch face!
My Huawei watch can usually last 1.5 to 2 days when I use original watch faces. With this one, my watch battery drops from 100% to 0 in 4 hours. Poor performance. Design is cool though.
To have showing, something as cool but,  I digress, Ok apple didn't make anything like it. They should have,  I want more theme packs!
Love the look but the animations are not working on the lg urbane
Settings are clunky and difficult to follow. No animation unless you pay.
Excellent Halloween Watch! Smooth animations and looks awesome!! Premium version is only a dollar and change to activate animations. So very cool for so little cost!! 🎃👍⌚😎
Awesome face! Love the animations. Wish I could add battery watch percentage though. Like other reviewers, I hope you do a Christmas face. Great job!
I downloaded and installed twice now, and it just keeps on stopping as soon as I try opening it! Please fix this! I have a Samsung 8+.
This app is great. Highly recommend. Everyone asks me what kind of watch do I have with this Halloween theme. Makes a great conversation piece.
Great but eats lots of battery power when the effects are turned on.
Love the ambient face, just need a little bolder time to make it readable.
Looks great on my Asus Zenwatch 2. The animations are well worth the buck.
I love it!  Helps me get into the spirit.  Best one I found.
Crashed my watch!
Love it. Simple but fun makes me smile. Just perfect
Love this halloween face! Definitely worth it to get the pro version. Please get holiday faces!
Works good with the LG w100 watch.  Battery last over 24 hours
Good job keep up the good work
Could you guys do a christmas watch face.
Looks great on gwatch r
No more no less.
Even the free version is pretty cool
Cool settings
Battery dies way to fast
Very nice!
Need more design
Love
I just love this design . I will wear it on comming halloween . Superb animation making me crazy to wear it on halloween . My friends gonna burn :p
Fully animated with ghosts and everything loving it
Perfect for halloween
The face is beautiful and I can understand the developer needing to make money but they should have just charged 99 cents upfront instead of taking features such as animation and locking them behind an in app purchase and the settings app could do with a material overhaul
Will only crash on 7.1.2.
SPAM
Love it
Would be nice to see an emphasis of support for lg g watch R, everything is moto 360. Lol want my picture in the huge main screen to be The G watch R.
Love the watch face, adds some elegance to a modern take on a watch design. Smooth ticker is also a great feature to have. Love the customisation!
;) &gt;:)
[Update: Abandonware. Replaced by "Magic Watch Face."] I love the design aesthetics of this watchface. And it has just enough customizations to make it feel personalized. Importantly, on my Gear Live, battery life is exemplary with this watchface. Unfortunately, the transition animation between active and ambient screens doesn't always finish, so about 20% of the time, the ambient screen displays the wrong time. So as a watch, this watchface fails.
I think the DEV team hit a home run with the base app. My guess is that more great features and functionality will be introduced on top of the existing base.
Awesome watchfaces. Clean and neat. Pity there is no month function dial. Also would be great to allow the function dials to be made resizable. Also drop the full stop in the day of week function. Then it will be great.
I got to be honest I thought that the faces on the front advert come with the price. They do not and I was gutted.
All watch faces should work like this. Love the ability to switch it up. Would love to be able to change the size of the features, they're a butt small
No Option to change temperature from Fahrenheit to Celsius.
Guys, any way to switch to Celsius for temperature?
Love the aesthetics, but why does the time start at noon every time I unlock the watch but then spins to the correct time? Not a fan of that and if you can fix it, I will gladly redownload it.
Simple and does what it says.  I appreciate that the listing shows it on a Moto 360 so you know what it looks like with the "flat tire".  Along those lines though and what I took a star off for, the icon shows the "Old Style" text taken out.  That sort of implies that is an option (which I'd like)
Good parallax effect for my watch
Not placed on my Moto 360 Sport AW 2.0
Clean design, multiple faces, and high customizability makes this an excellent watch face.
I like the watch face but no calendar events. It must be a big because I get notifications from my calendar,  but the screen that's suppose to show them doesn't work. Disappointing.
This is my fave of your faces but I can't get this to show up in android wear to put on my Moto 360 ( up to date). Updated system, fresh installed watch, went through your FAQ but nothing worked. PLEASE RESPOND, I'll change feedback if you can help. All other watch faces I tried work except this one. If you're updating I'll wait just let me know. thank you
Awesome watchface, but weather data incorrect as always and no calendar events. Using Moto 360 1st gen with new HTC 10
I really like this watch face but it's a little buggy. The altitude randomly switches back and forth between being correct and showing &lt;500 while in the same location. Also, the calendar never shows my events and the app uses way too much RAM on the phone. Even my most resource intensive apps don't use the 120MB+ of RAM this app does. I'd give five stars if these are fixed.
Could be better but one of the best thus far...
Nice design, I like the watch face. But please make it like a normal watch face. It does not need a separate app nor should it appear as two entirely separate faces. Just make one w/ settings for color...
Lacks any type of customization (MULTIPLE COLOR OPTION). The Color option should be easy but please consider different Fonts and optional DAY/DATE! Thanks!
It's nice but like be able to customize it. Like battery level would be great.Now Just have to guess or my watch dies cause can't keep looking at my phone at work just see if battery life is well or not
Please make more color options. I want to see a pitch black background with white words, or a white background with the same vice versa. Or red! Please add these colors and I'll make it a 5!
Nice watch face but need option for configure background color or wallpaper
Good needs more colors
No way to change date from day/month to month/day. Uninstalled.
So of the best watches face I've come across by this designer.
Am/pm markers
ok
Simple and elegant
First and huge complaint, on a LG G watch here, and when ever I try to put my hand over the face it only dims the screen, not go black. I imagine this wastes a lot more battery life. Also, why not have a few color options? Or any kind of options. Still, looks great, but it's missing a lot.
No proper dim mode for OLED displays. Makes the watch unusable on any device besides LCD's
Seif
Good
The app will not download onto my Motorola 360 2nd gen. I have tried several Husky apps they will not download
Ok
This is a very impressive face.  Besides an original and beautiful face, the customization features are better than those of any of the other 20 or 30 faces I have collected.
Generally a good watch face.  A few minor bugs that have not been addressed in the latest updates, but still worth using on my watch.
Another fantastic watch face the only downside is that it doesn't have all the options that the real weather watch face has keep up the great work 👌👍
ഉഗ്രന്‍
Great job once again by HUSKYDev and I now have more praise for everyone. I had a problem only due to a phone change and they were fantastic and solved it immediately. This is a fantastic app!!!  It does everything I need while looking fantastic, with the less than $3 Premium cost. Thanks again guys, love it now I've spent the time picking up the experience. Great option would be to be able to edit a saved options setting, but that's small.
After the update you can't change the lounch bar content. i tried doing it from the phone however it doesn't transfer to the watch. I am a oaying customer
Don't work on Samsung Frontier. Wasted my money
Actually sucks. Can't really change much without buying it. I do not recommend this.
Love it works perfect on my LG Urban
Love it
This app provides all the info I need right on the main screen. No problems with my moto 360.
Great!
Can you guys add some zoom settings for the map? Would be great if the map could show me something besides that I'm on planet earth, it's so far zoomed out. Other than that great watch face with lots of features, keep up the good work!
... But always go back to this one. Has useful information on the face at a glance and easy access to other features too.
For me.  This is the best watch face around.  It has everything you need.
Very nice
This watch face has more than enough. Premium version is a must. The shortcuts are a nice feature as well.
but the demo version is locked down tight,  making it hard to evaluate. I would like to play with the display parameters before committing to premium version. Unfortunately, very little display options on demo version. This latest update only included premium updates.
Like the weather face, Love the look and feel of the face and how configurable it is, would like to see the map location option to be zoomed in as so small you can't see that much.... The frustration lies with the integration to Google Fit which sometimes works, sometimes reverts back to previous counts, such a shame
Premium paid but doesn't work something wrong or not compatible..hello admin..Stop sending this apps anymore better refund my payments thank you...
Map doesn't change. Has me as Europe even though I'm in the US and have location enabled.  Addendum: prompt response and fix. Thank you!
Great watch face, looks beautiful, very customizable. Would get 5 stars if you could zoom background map to local area rather than just map of the whole US with a marker on your location
It's an okay but not great.  My map shows the entire US and not a close view.
Very Cool
This is the best wstch face I have seen so far. Love it very well put together. Love the features I even delete some apps from my watch because they are included in this app. Great job
Love this, keeps getting better with each update! Love the ease of access for apps etc, and how customisable it is.
One of the best watch faces there are.
Great start,  and I love everything.  But the background map only shows Europe and won't update to my location in Arizona.  Once that's corrected,  5 stars!
Very cool, almost don't need wear mini launcher anymore. I would like to see a way to swap out the google fit indicator for something else but other than that it seems pretty cool. A bit dark though.
I purchased the premium  version and the background atlas has me located in Europe while I am in Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. I tried setting manually and it still keeps me in Europe. Would like my money back until you fix the app.
Please  support..refund the money
Love It
The map just shows a dot on your State, showing the USA map overall. It would be better if it zoomed in to your town or city. Otherwise good.
Ibrahim maina
Its okk
E
Very nice, cool
Superior quality
Occupies less than half the screen. Shame
Used to look perfect on my Moto 360, the latest update makes the bottom line of text misaligned with the other lines.
Please allow a date option!
Can't access settings.
Pls update for moto360 then it will be 5 stars
Great concept! Configuration could be a bit more clear and option-full, but I'd probably want black-and-white anyway. I'd love to add new languages too! Especially Swiizerduutch ;-)

At first seemed buggy but the updates are making this better and im starting to use this.
Could do with being a bit more accurate. Its 11:08, but the watch says five past eleven.
Like the ability to change the location on the Watch! Good job. Update seems to have worked ;)
There is some overlap on bigger notifications between the text and the watch face. Maybe dim the watch face to avoid conflicts?
To those complaining about accuracy and being "unfinished," look up the Qlocktwo clocks & watches. Some very expensive timepieces I would love to have, but this will do. Looks great on the Gear Live.
The 'OK google' phrase that appears on the watch face is put right on top of some of the words, meaning that the words look jumbled up and glitchy. Second, it is only accurate to the nearest 5 minutes. At 3:17 it says "its a quarter past 3". This isn't a huge problem, but it just seems...unfinished. My top notification also ends up covering the bottom layer of words.
Great watchface except when you tap to wake your watch the "Say OK Google"  overlaps "it is" - LG g
The overall implementation is nice but I really wish it had an option to show the time in one minute intervals in words rather than just adding dots
Would be great if it was not off center on moto 360
Works on my Huawei watch perfectly.  Love changing to photos I took with a Ricoh Theta S.  Only thing thst would make this better is maybe some extra watch face styles. *hint hint*
Simply a basic watchface that looks good with great battery life.
Great looking Mondrian themed watch face. Nice colours. Not compatible with wear 2 though...
De Stijl (y)
Nice and awesome
Beautiful
After wasting at least $8 or more, I have finally found a reasonable watch face for my travelling needs! It is odd that there are very few watch faces that do the job of tracking at least three time zones credibly!  This one does it efficiently. However, it needs to improve. In particular, weather updates and/or calendar updates should be there.
Looks ok but I don't like that it only takes up like half the screen.  Also couldn't find how to adjust the settings to put different time zones on the right. So frustrating I uninstalled it.
Please add wallpapers for that black screen
Doesn't even appear after install.  Something fishy about that?
Must have face for Android wear!
Unique, simple to use, most useful.
simple but easy to use.
It's amazing.
But text is very small and only takes up top third of my screen (Sony Smart watch 3). I'd like to be able to choose which countries I view also. Seems fixed to London and New York.   There is no companion app installed on my phone... Thanks for your reply. Found config page but I couldn't find New Delhi or any Indian cities in the list.
Good job
Just wish it had battery meter. But is my favorite on my Huawei watch.
Watch face does not line well with 360
very Good
Couldn't get the app to sync with my phone?
Too bad, the watch face don't fill the watch screen (nixon mission). Also there is no configuration on the watch. Other than that it look nice.
It's better you put in premium section,if you are not providing any of the interactive uses. At least you might have not displayed icons in watch if they are use less... In installing
Paid for premium and still getting adverts, even though supposed to be fixed in latest update
Long time Android wear user and this may be my first review for a watch face. I have looked for a long time for a basic, digital watch face that resembles something like you would find one Fenix or Suunto. Finally, I found this. So far I love it. Only request I would make is a few more color options for the dial and time. But it is already 5 star material.
Please add a seconds indicator,  maybe the red arrow at bottom.  Also the face does not work on more than one watch at the same time.
Great easy to read face, but I wish the headings under the time were functional instead of being purely aesthetic.
Nice and easy to read digital watch face. You'd be surprised how hard it's been to find one for Android wear.
By far my fav face but it lacks the compass feature. Also another widget  under time and alt/Baro would be cool. Style is identical to my suunto core
This is easily one of my favorite watch faces since it makes my Moto 360 look like a Suunto Core watch!  I love it and really like the phone battery percentage and the watch battery percentage indicators!
One problem with it: it keeps running on the phone. Even when other watch face is in use...
Love it.  The best one yet....I agree with another review, it makes the watch look like a Suunto watch.  Keep up the good work.
Looks great on my Zenwatch 2 .
I like it a lot and works great with My LG Urbane.
This watch face is perfect. It has battery info for both the watch AND the phone. It looks fantastic (especially on a round watch like the LG G WatchR), and has some simple but great customizations! Also, it doesn't hurt that the developer listens to feedback! (Now if we could get the people a little darker... It comes out pinkish on my watch... :) ).  Highly recommend this watch face!
I've never once been able to use this face on my G Watch. As soon as I set it I get "unfortunately BK3CK Sporty has stopped." Even uninstalled the app and factory reset my watch. It's broken software, and I'm well beyond the refund period.
Can't set a blank "text logo" which is super ugly, also can't disable extraneous text.  Time resizes between battery saving and normal view mode which is very distracting
Can't use on g watch, crashes instantly. UPDATE reset my phone and haven't had any issues with it since the beginning.
Crashes. I can't even use it on Moto 360
One word..perfect!! good job!
Noticed it drains my battery alot...
Reinstalled and not crashing now. Using LG G R watch, looks fantastic in both modes.
There is a difference beetwean digits on the nirmal and ambient screen, which makes the it look bad when it is switching one way or the other :(
Didn't show up on my Sony smartwatch 3. Resynced apps, restarted phone and watch, nothing.
Does not pick up phone battery... Otherwise great.
BEAUTIFUL on my Moto 360. It can't be customized for different colors, but I wanted red anyway so it worked out.
This watch face looks wicked on the 360 too. Took a chance on it as was not tested on watch but this is awesome nice one guys..would be cool to change colour too..
You can only change color in ambient mode
Great Looking but it won't install on my Fossil Q Founder  Updated since first install I have more knowledge of my Fossil and now find this app really amazing, it looks great and performs very well! I am really enjoying it. 😁
Looks amazing on my Huawei watch and is fun to customize!  Edit: I have the same watch but a new phone. Custom tags worked when I  had the LG phone  but aren't working with my Samsung S8. Would that make a difference?  Edit2: I didn't see the big blue checkmark to set my changes.  It's all good now!!
Love the face but wont stop asking for permissions and it wont let you set them .. such a shame pls fix. Lg g watch r & edge 7  wear 2.0 i think UPDATE: for anyone having the same issue i had whereby the watch locked on the permissions screen... uninstall from both watch and phone then reinstall and it works second time round :)
I keep going back to this face set up the interactives and it's all good.
Great watch.  Great customization.
Its a nice watch face. Only thing that annoys me a little, is the date format doesn't seem to be changeable, or if it is, it's hidden in a horribly busy config app
Love the capability of your watch face apps. One suggestion I have though is to add in the brightness control for dim mode similar to your other app. That helped to make elegant faces even for dim mode and still make it a day or so on battery life. Otherwise,I'll be buying the other apps just to support your development further. Thank you for what you do. This is what Android Wear should have always been.
I bought the watch and install it from google play, i switch to my watch, Huawei watch, I couldn't find it, I looked every where, and still Can't find it,  can you please help me with that, or can I get a refund ?
This is an amazing watch face. It's incredibly customizable from the font to the interactive aspect, and is by far the best watch face I've found yet. I absolutely love this design, and will most likely be looking at the other watch faces this group creates. I'd also love if they somehow added a font/card that allowed this face to look like a nixie tube watch. However, not having that option doesn't detract from the usability and aesthetics of this watch face.
Tons of settings make this a real gem! So many faces purchased have minimal settings and fine tuning adjustments to make it just how you like it. THIS face has so much to offer you can play around for hours to get it exactly how you like it. Well done! A real gem
Just what I was looking for! A note to those who want UK date format: choose 'custom text' as either top or bottom display and type in:  then 'send text' to display Mon 17 May for example.
Weather is not accurate or will not sync. Otherwise this is a nice watch face but does not get 5 stars.
Could not running in my Sony Smartwatch 3 with Android 5.0.2 (Lenovo Vibe Z2 Pro)
Amazing watch face as many have said the interactive zones bring a whole level of functionality . Sony smartwatch 3
Would be better if you could have the same customizable options as minimal and elegant but overwise a great app.
They just keep updating a must have.
Surprisingly battery efficient with such smooth animation.
Awesome watchface. I enjoy starting my apps with a single tap on digits
A very beautiful watchface
Great
Love it
Great idea.  Turn off power savings for app to get phone power updates more often
Sony smartwatch 3
Very cool watch face for those of us remember this flip before the digital watch face
Awesome Dev, great face.
This is a fantastic, clean face with a great feature list as well as a lot of customizability. If I could see one more feature added, I'd want an option to show phone signal strength and WiFi service on the watch face. I hate not knowing when I've lost signal and a glance at my watch could fix this up nicely. Thanks for an amazing app.
Thank you dev for an affordable watch face that updates well and has the needed basic functions. I have an lg g watch w100 and both battery info icons and other text is kinda small for me to read on my square watch by default. Overall, the watch ui could be higher contrast as a suggestion maybe even materialised. I hope android wear has a long bright future ahead of itself. - Miles
The best clone of an old classic giving  you unparalleled features and functionality. Add to this and active community and superior developer support and you have the best watch!
Spotify track skip action is great! :-).. just discovered the custom face community on g+ very good :-)
This great blow up the good work and I have been working i have fun.Thanks!
Absolutely love this watch face ,and it's not that often I say anything about a watch face . Top marks for this one .
All your watch Faces deserve a 5 star... Wish you would make more!!!
Not too complicated and easy to read.  Looks good on my Moto 360
Fab watch for my smart watch 3 . Works very well. Clear and precise
Good
Great
Who knew a flip clock could have so many options?! Little Worlds, colors, fonts, textures... this has it all! If you're looking for a watch face that's easy on the eyes in any situation, look no further.
I am not able to uninstall this app which I have decided I do not wihd to purchase.  I have android wear and I have installed numerous watch faces without problems.  Help
My favourite watch face so far. Retro style & so many customisation options, just can't find anything I like better!
Great watch face , simple with fun customization , what will make it better is to add an option to display next meeting from agenda.
Simple. Stylish. If you want a watchface to be functional (tell you the time) then this is it  Personal would like 2 invisible (so as not to destroy the aesthetics) hotshots above and below the text as app shortcuts.  Edit. Seemed to work done but now keeps reverting to "simple" which is just numerals on grey background. Unmistakable and reinstalled and all not working
Looking good
I love this watch face. Would love to see an update that names it "Briar" in my apps instead of "Brial" and more importantly makes the ambient mode hours and minutes brighter. If love to have the Briar hands in ambient mode, but they're almost black and illegible. Otherwise this face is lovely.
I love this Watch face. Sure, it drains your battery and yeah, there aren't any hour numbers on the face for the hands to indicate where they're pointing, so the consumer is left guessing at the time but still, its so so cute. I love it.
Basic watchface that looks great and good battery life.
Elegant look !!
Pretty, plain yet elegant
Beautiful watch face, but the basic ambient mode (option 2) only briefly shows the watch face, then the screen goes completely black. Not that useful for a watch.
I have a sony sw3 and a sony XZ3 phone if I load watch face on watch at say 1:00 I go back check time on watch it's still shows 1:00 I  load different face on watch reload this one at say 1:30 go back and check after 5 to 10 minutes it still shows 1:30
Runs smoothly...Beautiful watch wear!
Not appearing on lg g watch
It show like all wrong way. Bug? Never displays like a photo. Not good
I wish more watch faces were designed taking the ambient sensor into consideration. I hate it when the faces are cut off.
Used to work flawlessly until the most recent update. Faces dont change automatically if watch is turned off. Have to keep re-installing the app to work. Pls fix this!
Doesn't work
Doesn't work
only shows and lets me use one background
Don't work
Very nice
Great idea, but unworkable. Lucky for them who are able to use it. Put me down with the rest, where it doesn't work. Nexus 6P with TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 Android Wear 2.0. I downloaded the app also on my watch. Got the cool cycle watch face, but that's it. The app loads only less than 10 percent of the faces and even those aren't able to load and send to the watch.
It dosent work for my dz09. Am i not doing skmething right? Its bluetoothed and i get notifications but the faces wont transfer over . HELPPPP
Works great. Nice animation. Something i was searching for several months. Thanks 1000+ Animated watch face team..!! Samsung S6 Edge plus + Huawei watch classic. For those whom it didn't worked can try following: 1.Check if App is installed in watch as well. If not install from play store on watch. 2. From Android wear or from watch set this watch face. It will have default cycle animation. 3. Now select desired watch face on mobile. I select standard quality and it works pretty well.
Very boring, very ugly watches. It's like looking at the sample pictures on a windows pc. Terrible and the developers should feel terrible
I have strong Wi Fi and Bluetooth and still nothing downloading!!!.......such a great pity. !!!!.....seems like it would be a fun watch face. Unable to complete application!!!!😐😐😐
Excellent app! The animations are spot on, you also have the ability to choose between resolution quality. The animations are separated in cataglogies which is very helpful. Sometimes the download to the actual watch face can take longer than expected. Highly recommend overall. 👌🏽
If it wasnt for the greed of full screen ads, i would rate higher, but the greed of having an ad already at bittim and another full screen ads just shows how crappy and greedy these dudes are. Uninstalled!!!
This app had A LOT of faces, backrounds, and animations! All that being said it will not let me download a one of them to my SmartWatch so, one star and I will install you!
For Smartwatch Huawei W1-is not  work.I have Android Wear 2.0,I choose the format(circle),I downloaded to both divice also and didn't working pls help
Just sits there saying loading on the images on a HTC U11
Super app... Finally I got a super watch face app..more number of animations in all categories like Nature abstract background etc., One one thing I need is please provide ambient light setting options so that I can make people's to stare  into my watch😁... Overall experience in it great 👌👌
Terrible. It just doesnt work wont do anything! Cant change or load any of it.
Your Advertising is disgusting. I had even no chance to check your app.
All watch faces on your app gives downloading but it doesn't show anything else, I have mate 10 and Huawei watch 2
I'd liked this app so much, but please support for Tizen like Samsung gear, even with charge.  Thanks!
Horrible.  Won't do anything!
Overlays full screen ads on phone even when not using the app
It's a worst apl ever
Not working on sony xperia xa1 ultra and Samsung gear s2 classic
Back up & running, back to a 5 star app
Looks good but does not upload onto my android smartwatch U8, please help!!!
Looks cool but don't see how too upload to watch. Cant find it in android wear.
only one face is available it says it's meant to have 1000
Nice animated faces. Fun to be able to change them out. Works great on my LG style.
Good animations although they don't loop and always click back to the beginning
Amazing collection!! Best app.
Very good
Good
Awesome for the price. Free is always a bonus. Only gripe is there is no weather, battery. Could do with a don't colour as some backgrounds make the time unreadable. But like I said it's free so can't grumble to much. Cheers boys
Wow this is awesome. I don't think I'll use anything but this app for my watch. Might have missed it but needs some hockey team (Go Avs) or at least a hockey theme. Don't think twice, just get it.
Guys i cant get the watch faces to load on my S8+. The app used to work great on my old HTC1. Ive tried clearing the cache any other siggestions please?
I like it, but it's buggy. It doesn't activate unless you tap the screen, and the only option for the lock screen is analog.
Would be nice but the setting for circular watches isn't working so if your watch is circular the background won't work
I love it. Huge variety.  No crashes yet. Awesome.
Really like the look and functionality. Only issue is I really really wish you could set weather location to zip code or city and not have to have GPS active for weather update
Overall looks good. Only complaint is that some of the complications (weather for example) display off centre, which detracts from the visual.
Works well, mostly. Compass stopped working and nothing I do restores it. Other apps from this developer are equally buggy.
Miss aligned Icons
One of the best i ever used. Thanks, guys!
This is my favourite watch face atm. Using it with a Huawei W1 watch. Settings don't update straight away on the watch. Specifically when you press the change colour button on the watch face, you have to do something else (swipe left and right) on the watch before you see the change. This does however work if you have just selected this face but after a while it stops working.
Amazing WatchFace, sometimes the settings seem to go unresponsive and you have to go to ambient then back to active for it to update. Would also love a flashlight shortcut   Keep up the good work
Good face for the price. When changing settings they don't update right away. Phone battery display is always slow to refresh making the option undesirable.
I really like that this watch face.  It has details I've been looking for but it drains my battery fast.  It makes it so I can't use it. Also the compass just doesn't work.
Please! Needs Google fit integration. Seems to be a stand alone step choice. Please add Google fit option. Txs
I asked the Creator to make the second hand stay on for a minute. I use this on my watch when I am working EMS. Thank you!!! Thank you!!!!
On the LG Watch R the "Daily step counter" doesn't show up !?
This is an awesome face... If only it synced Google Fit steps, wud have been a five star watch
If you love stylish watches , it's a must. Best watch face yet, I'm very happy.
Doesn't update changes right away, if at all.
I really like how it looks, even after getting the 2.0 update on my Gen 1 Urbane!
Still have messages indicated that will not clear
Nice but the compass does not work at all. Facing west and it says East.
With 60s screen awake time, it is the best way to show off
Really weel done.
Very stylish sport looking watchface! Just one minor bug report: counter of missed calls and text messages won't reset, even after I checked messages on both phone and watches. Btw, if you could make small digital time a world time, where you can select different timezones, that would be very helpful. Overall great product!! Thank you!
I emailed the devs to report the compass not working on Huawei watch.   They responded the next day and fixed the compass with this latest build... All this happened in 6 days! I'm going to buy another one of their watch faces just because of this! Oh yeah,  and this watch face is awesome! Looks great,  highly functional,  and lots of options!
I've tried just about every decent face out there, and I just keep coming back to this one. Nothing comes close to how good this one looks. I have it set up in a bright green. Looks great on both my LG Urbane and my TAG Connected.
The compass is absolutely useless as it simply is not accurate. If I turn it off  I'd rather it disappear completely. ALSO changes I make in the app don't translate to the watch unless I switch watch faces. In addition the color tab doesn't work when I have it on the watch face. If these are fixed I could change to 5 stars. HAUWEI WATCH.
The watch face is fantastic. The features are great, the customization is great. The only thing holding a 5 star rating back is how spartan the ambient mode is. It's either a digital watch face or its the full face in grayscale that's not saving much juice. Not a huge issue though, and it's worth the buy.
The problem with this watch face is that now I have it no other will do, it's very customisable, the colours are vivid and stand out and I always come back to this one. I do however feel that the developer should apologise for the lack of sales to to other watch faces.
Step counter is not working properly.  Moto 360.  Now it's showing phone batt at 100%...not correct.
I really like the design and its my favourite watch face. But the phone battery information does not update constantly and only shows correct percentage when I change to another watch face and then back again. Please fix and I will give 5 stars. The watch is Lg watch Urbane
The step counter is not synching with Fit. Only if you set the watch face before walking then it begins counting at 0000.
Says it has stopwatch, yet I can't find how to activate it. Compass is not working either. Moto 360.
Nuff said in title!
One log my favorite watch faces.
The only thing that keeps me from making it my permanent default is the inability to get steps from Google Fit. Use Fit steps instead of generic step counter and this thing is almost perfect. Well done.
My watch is a Huawei Watch. The compass feature just not work.
Won't sync with google fit or would be perfect
But can't get the watch onto my desktop!
Very functional app. Shows the info I want.
Love the customability of this watch face, and it looks great too. There are two options that don't currently work, however. The "OK Google in center" and "Compass" check boxes don't have any effect on the display. I don't care about the OK Google since I don't want it cluttering up the display anyway, but the ability to disable the compass would be cool since I don't use it. If it worked and used the extra space to make the face slightly bigger, that would be awesome. Too bad it doesn't do anything.
This is a nice face, but I have 2 issues with it. First, the compass doesn't work. What is it supposed to do? Should the dial rotate about the face as I turn, or should there be a ticker that moves about the dial? I don't know. Mine does nothing when I turn the compass on. The other issue is that only 1 background gives you the option of turning on the digits around the clock face. I want to see the numbers, so now I only have one usable background. The digits should be a separate setting. Fix for 5 stars.
I am glad there is a 25 second option , would like it to be 60 seconds for color, but the only complaint is my gen 2 moto360 will not produce a working compass with your watch face?
I like it, but how do I change the date format?
Edit: Fantastic response from developer, bug is now fixed within less than 24 hours!!! Thanks! (Original review: Looks great, but the date is wrong. Shows 21/2, all other watchfaces are correctly showing 21/3.)
Does exactly what it says, with the added bonus of the weather. Could make it better by only showing icons for weather and adding numbers to dim mode. But very nice and simple.
There are some awesome designs, but I don't like that the design partially overlaps the current time. It'd also be nice to have some extra customisation too.
There are a few good faces, but I don't like most of them.
Love the designs, simple yet so unique
I CAN'T FIND IT WHEN I DONLAOD
No to bad
I haven't seen any other watch face using parallax scrolling hooked to the accelerometers. But I suppose that most Android users would like to change more than just 12/24h and random/static background. + for being free.
Beautiful first glimpse of what can be done with the new watch face API! Leaves you with a parallax effect when moving your watch. Also love the modern/edgy design. Great work! My only ask would be to remove certain watch faces from the random loop. I love having random enabled but I'm not too fond of specific watch faces.
I really love this set of watch faces. However, the lack of customization options sucks. I'd be willing to even pay for you guys to add option to disable parallax affect, day/date, and whitelist for random faces. Either way, great faces, keep it up!
Eats ram/CPU and makes my LG G watch's user experience slower like lag in transition of cards shown on it. And even drains battery too which ridiculously annoying damn please fix. Hence no response provided by dev so m just removing this face.
I like the design but faces simply don't show up on my watch, and LG G watch.  Maybe an update is needed to for the watch or the android wear app on my phone but as of yet, the watch face does not show up on my device.
I've been waiting for this to work and got excited when the update came in, but its still not applicable. Waiting for a fix, will change rating once it works.
Very stylish watch faces and several to choose from. However,  several tweaks are necessary like the ability to turn off the gyroscope feature which I personally don't like. Another feature I'd like to see is better ambient mode designs, ie. a more simplified version of the applied watch face, or the ability to add the date. Other that, this is a must have for any android wear user.
Looks great! However it would be nice to have more customization options such as changing the font color and disabling the parallax scrolling to save battery.
The background doesn't change anymore. I reinstalled still doesn't work. Moto 360 with OPO.
Beautiful! Hoping they add ability to further customize - Date, weather, battery, etc...
Does not appear to work with my S3 running 4.3 says incompatible device, works on both my 4.4 Tablets, why not 4.3, I have the latestvandroid wear on my S3 and it is linked to my LGR with 5.0, many of the new watch faces are working so why not this?
Very attractive looking design that is animated subtly with the gyroscope in the watch. Edit found in the wear app you can change the background from random!
Dope watch face with the ability to randomize the background or set it to one particular background. Parallax is eye candy.  Despite some other reviews, this works fine on the Sony smartwatch 3 and is clear to read on the TFD when dim.
Running the lastest versions of all applicable software, this watch face does not show up on my Moto 360
But not showing up on my watch or on the android wear app. Have newest firmware on watch and latest android wear update.
Would like to see many of the designs in the inverted form such as the black and white swapped out for white and black. But I love the designs! Great job
Works beautifully on the LG watch I've had it now for two days and it hasn't  suck down the battery life on my watch at all. Highly recommend this app.
Using this on the Sony smart watch 3. Works perfectly and has lots of different hundreds styled watch faces. I still maintain great battery life as well.
Really like the watch faces but would be much better with the option to add Day/Date. Can you please add this?
I like the faces and you are able to pick just one face over the random faces now. Over all a pack to have
As much as I like randomization, it'd be neat if you could select a face to always appear
Tried looking in the Android Wear App & also my watch faces but it doesn't show up, why?
From the way it's designed to the background moving depending on the position you held your watch is awesome
Seems to be completely abandoned. Uninstalling.
Didn't think I'd like it so much, glad I downloaded it.
Eye-pleasing faces with very effective parallax effect. 5 stars
The designs are nice, even have a nice movement to them!
Nice face background but better if it has option to show the date
Stop complaining about customization the watch is supposed to look good
I live the hundreds
But no customization, it could be better.
Will not show up on my phone nor my watch.
Good designs, needs more to it.
The parallax effect!
Just wish it had date and battery %
The design is perfect, love the cursive but the day of the week and widget don't populate. So much potential..
Does not work.
Day of the week doesn't show in watch face
Nice, let me browse what i could do with the apps
Works great on my lg urbane
Tried very hard to make this app work on the Huawei watch with AW2.0 . If you download the app on your phone it will not automatically transfer to the watch , you need to then go to the watch and download it again . When I got it on the watch , it kept flickering and eventually crashed. Beautiful watchface but has function issues.
I have a square face Asus Zen 2 smartwatch.  This is my FAVORITE Watchface so far - the ONLY one I was (yet) willing to pay for.  All the features in the App description work, and perhaps even better than is obvious, they work GREAT. I switched my watch & phone battery indicators to percentages (instead of bars) as I wanted precision.  I'm using a blue background - it shows up great (and power saver ambient mode shows up great too).  Instead of a 2nd time zone in the top right circle - I chose the moon phase, very nice. IF this looks like the watch you want - I suspect and hope you are as satisfied as I am!  LOVE IT!
Nice faces but weather readings need to update more often. Or be more accurate. (Review has not changed as of 1/18/18)
This utility watch face I have found. It looks nice too.
When Bluetooth is off will not stay on the watch have to reinstall!!!! App
Perfect and functional watchable. Highly customizable and great user interface. LOVE it.
not working at all
Great interface
Nice...
Paid for basically nothing but a menu. Wont show on watch, program wont see watch to set default apps to watch face. Waste of money!
Very cool...lots of info at a glance.  Works great on my Huawei Watch 2 Classic.
Great watch face except the weather doesn't update that frequently, and there's no way to change it in the settings. If you could change the weather settings, would be 5 stars.
Great watch face. Developer is great about updating. Thank you!
My favorite screen so far, works well
I love this watch face but it does not work with my Huawei Watch 2.
My daily watch face. The new day of the week feature doesn't work.
Absolutely love this watch face, one of my faves. Everything about this I adore. Love the idea that whatever colour top I may have on, I can easily match the watch face to. Not a major factor  but cool none the less.  The ONLY thing I would like the devs to add is on the date section. Could we PLEASE have what day it is included on the next update? Even a shortened version like 'Weds'  PLEAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
The weather information doesn't refresh according to your location. There's no option to refresh the weather info on the watch interface neither the app on the device. The most frustrating thing is the inaccurate info regarding the humidity, even in a cold dry japanese winter, the watch displays almost all the time 100% humidity.
I think the Forza watch faces are the best. This new one is good too. My personal preference is its a bit 'busy' for me and I like my watch a bit more minimalistic. I like the weather and battery lives but dont need sunset or sunrise. This is the only reason I gave it 4 / 5. I prefer the W03.
I asked for m/s units for wind speed and it happened overnight! Thank you! Could use one more mod: ability to remove the unit headlines(wind, temp...) so the temp and all could be a bit bigger font. Highly recommended! 😊
I love it. Makes my Huawei watch look all the more smarter. I would how ever like to be able to change the temperature (C or F) independently of the wind speed (kph or mph). You see I would like degrees C in the winter, and degrees F in the summer, but always have MPH for the wind speed.. Thanks (EDIT: Changed from 4 to 5 stars. The more I use my watch, the more I like the new face)
I agree with other people that requested to add the day of the week. I think that's the only thing that's missing ☺️
It would be nice if the whether info come up when you touch the temperature.
I love it. All you need to know about weather before leaving your house on your watch screen. Looking great.
This is a very detailed watch face. Really like it. I recommend!
This face looks great, but I got it for the weather info. Unfortunately it only updates the weather data every three hours, so I will not be using it.
If you like a busy watch face.
One of the most complete watchfaces in the market, all the information and customizable! Great
It doesn't working right the weather not refreshing
Awesome
I would like 3 text color options to cycle through as well. It would help with the dark background options.
The guys have really outdone themselves on this one! It's simple intuitive interface is extremely easy to use. I can catch all the info I need at a quick glance. This watch face shows all the pertinent info I need without having to hunt for it. Weather is accurate, battery life is great. I love that I can choose whatever colors I want for the background and text. Forza one makes the best watch faces I've ever seen!
Forza has to be thee premier for watch faces. I love this one for weather design. My only hope is getting S Health to sync with Forza so  the fitness tracker would show. S Health in my opinion is the only fitness app worthy of this company.
The only watch face that I actually spent money on and bothered to review. I bought my android wear to be an outdoor watch and this face is perfect for that.
Works good on The Mission. Hopefully they create a new face to take advantage of the sensors on this watch! locking the weather location to your "home" and instead of humidity have the temp at the watch.
Good info on watch and several user settings.
Xcellent!!!!
Nice watch face.. i like it
Really nice watch face...
Must have a aap
The weather seems to be locked to Keith, CA and cannot be changed.  Why?
You may want to enable the refund option when you're taking money and it's not what the person is looking for. Not a bad watch face but the background I don't care for I prefer a solid black
You can set the colors of the hands, hour ticks and second hand individually, however once you change one it is difficult to get them all back to the same color.
Thanks
As state by the other review, the watch battery percentage is cut off on the moto 360. Also the phone battery level is not properly updated; it just mirrors the watch battery level
The watch battery indicator is cut off by the moto 360 bottom. Either omit or reposition please.
App never produced a report
My watch battery life goes down one percent every minute and a half. I don't even understand why because the watch face is basic
Cannot see the watch  face choice afted install
Too much authority, and or virus? I dont know!
-moto360
Looks absolutely gorgeous on my tic watch S!!!!   Love all your watch faces!!
Still no customability options yet, but the simple design feels like it fills up more space on my LG G Watch than most other watch faces I've got, leaving my screen look a little less empty while displaying the time in an easy-to-read, neat-looking style.
Like it a lot, will be better once you upload the colours but makes my watch feel new and different.
Not showing in Android Wear app, uninstalled.
Says it installed but won't work.
It's a wonderul design and this face goes well with elegant smart watches. I just have one objection: there are seven small gradations between the main numbers, and there should be only four. That's why I rate it with 4 stars. If you can correct this issue I will give 5 stars.
I'm updating my review for this watch face and I have to say that I like it. Developers fixed my last problem and it works perfectly now. I do recommend this watch face for anyone who likes the classic look.     I downloaded this app expecting to get what it's pictured but to no success I wasn't able  to do it. The seconds arm never appeared on my LG urbane (by the way it's not the LTE version) I tried uninstalling and re-installing the app restarting my phone and watch and syncing the apps but no luck.
I love the watchface especially in gold its very high res and looks amazing but it crashes my moto 360 at least once a day and forces me to hard reset the watch. I'd love to give it 5 stars if you are able to fix it or know what the problem is and could tell me. Thanks.
thx u dev for the update no more battery drain , everything's good now
There's 7 small dashes instead of 4 in between each hash. Fix that and this gets 5 stars
Looks good I like the fact you can change the watch face colour with one tap
Jk
Nice!!
Nice and uncomplicated
Doesn't work well and is very ugly. I think it was designed in MS Paint
Bad Resolution. Enough too uninstall
Watch is brilliant and realistic
Does not work
Very smooth
Looking good for me
Fake
Very nice
A great looking and functional watchface. It is just a little bit annoying to have the icon in the app drawer just for some minor settings, try to place them inside the android wear app. Thanks! Keep up the good work!
It looks great
Good
Nice
Really like this simple style. Only issue is that the always on 'dimmed" face is very bright. On the G watch r, it's actually brighter than the main face with my settings. Would be good to be able to turn that down a bit.
This is a great watch face, probably my favorite one for my Moto 360
Nice and clean, using Moto360
Low resolution
Best watch face app I've tried so far. It is what I've been looking for and it's all here. Great job!!
It's the best watch face...  done without any hiccups...  Must have for any smart watch...
I have downloaded all your watch faces to my LG g watch r. They all is amazing faces ever in play store. I'm happy
I could not work out how to customise it...
Not impressed, not my style.
Poor image resolution. I did try other watch faces and they look much more realistic.  Yours just looks cartoony
This is one of my favourite watch faces. Works well on Moto 360 second generation. Thank you!
Another great face from this developer. Good work! Looks good on my g watch.
Love this face.
Don't download
Your watches are great . thanks for great design. Incredible.
simple design make this a winner
Fantastic all around
Love this
Please fix this crazy crazy crash
Watch face looks great, however weather and SMS count stuck or not updating. I updated my rating after reinstall, still  temperature stuck at n/a , and not updating SMS count update: 6/23/16 after OS update to 1.5 started getting updates on screen
Considering how complex thus gave looks I feared it'd drain like crazy. No issues. Props for reminding me of the metro ui just a bit
Has everything I need for my "at work" watchface. Really only usable during the day as its WAY too bright and in your face for nighttime use. Would bump it up another couple of stars if I could change the font and the colors to my liking. Maybe some subtle grays or subdued colors.
This looks awesome on my Sony Smart Watch 3. Great aambient mode, highly readable, bright flat colours. Definitely worth it, a big favourite, until I compared battery life with the standard Sony watch faces - super square uses  maybe 1/3 more. :(
Really nice but needs pedometer to synch with the Google fit data as I'm getting 2 different step totals
Looks great on the SW3
I really like the style of this watchface. It manages to stick out from the norm while still being professional enough for work. One thing that would be a much appreciated change, though, would be integration with Google Fit or Jawbone for the step counter, as I don't always have my watch on while working out.
I uninstalled for 2 reasons....1. The pedometer doesn't sync to Google fit, and 2. The temperature reading has that annoying + sign by it....fix these two things and I'll gladly rate 5 cause i loved the watch face but couldn't get past those two things
No reply from email contact either! It does look good but above issues preventing me from using it. Too bad.
Would not let me choose the 2017 design!
No option to accept design
If you're looking for a watch face that is simply text, this is it.
Not of much use on android. Have yet to here back from support and wishing I had not paid for premium. Was outstanding on WP. Changed to Droid 12/17 and conditions have allowed little use. Paid annual premium thinking it was for Active Fitness. Now question why it didn't cover both apps. Don't both give same info? Been using Winter for several years and have loved it, sharing with many friends. WP app seemed much easier to navigate. Some toggles do nothing on droid. Haven't figured out how to track or locate friends among other glitches. Previous screen name D Scott Prall. What ever, all the same email. Thanks
Great fixes in the last version. Love starting new season with new ski apps
Latest fixes. Very good interface, GPS tracker, maps, resorts, everything you need on the mountain. Plus it works without any connection!
Thanks for the latest update. Fixed everything, great skiing app.
Very comprehensive
Love the app.
Snowboarding with this app is fun, thanks developers!
Finally on Google Play!
Was hopeful after coming from Windows Phone version, but it stops recording mid day, only shows a map of Rome, Italy, and crashes a lot.
Don't know if just my watch but I take 200 steps according to other faces and Google fit, but this watch even with sensitivity set low registers about 1500 steps... Way too inaccurate!
I have almost all your watch faces. I bought them for my LG G Watch R but I have recently changed to the Moto360 Sport.  Can I switch all my watch faces to the moto360 or do I have to buy them all over again?
I'm using the latest Huawei watch. I like the fact that the step counter on this watch face does not require google fit on your phone. (Google fit is inaccurate)  Every thing works including the heart rate but the screen is way too busy for me. Now the negatives:  There is so much on the watch face that everything is micro size. Major battery drain! I have since switched to the Everyday watchface by HuskyDEV. Which is the best watch face I own because it has a builtin launcher and more!
When I turn off phone I lose the four square forecast. Also needs current Temps step counter way off compared to other apps like Ranger. Why does this not work picking up my home WiFi when the phone is off.... Can't get future Temps or forecast. Just walked 30 minutes it says I walked 16.walked 1.45 miles says I took 500 steps. REAL? Sorry I bought it . update doesn't count steps
To make this even more awesome have the ability to set day/night brightness controls - 1 for daytime and 1 for nighttime (when you typically don't need it so bright) or just another one that reduces nighttime brightness by 0-100%..
Please link the heart rate sensor and the pedometer to use Google fit. Please make these active buttons to open the fit app. Please make the weather section also an active button to open a weather app. Please add a color generator to select colors instead of the pre defined colors. It's my favorite watchface, but there's more that can be done.
The best watch face so far.
This is my  current favorite face…  so far,  the battery usage has been reasonable given what the watch is providing. The one issue is the pedometer…   it is counting less than half the steps that Fit app has for the day,  and the watch has been on my arm all day,  the phone not so much..   Fix that and I am revising my review to 5 stars
I can't believe how well this one works. I have tried a few others that just simply don't make the cut. This one takes the cake for just about everything. If it could link to the already there pedometer measurement, it would be perfect.
Best watch face app ever..
But I love it..  Have almost all of your watchface.
Wow!
Great face. It has all the info I want
I'm really loving this watch face. It has lots of data, so you never have to pull your phone out. The only thing I would love to see the developer do is make a clone of this but without the minute markers on the rim for the LG G R as it's already got them on the watch itself. Please... Take my money!
Really like this, but it needs to show the current temperature, not just the future ones.
Another great wear watchface from this developer. I hope you continue the great work as I own close to half the watchfaces you've done!
Just looked like a fresh pile of droppings.
But, since Google fit has all my info, wish this would sync with it
Is possible send the heart rate to Google fit.
Excellent watch face!
This is something that i never had on my moto 360 . This watch face is really worth it
Great app! I just wish I could figure out how to set it to 24h time as shown in the pictures. All of my other watch faces and my phone show 24h time. But this face shows 12h. Thanks!
Very good.Thanks
Good app, good work
I love
I love it
Nice
This is a great idea. One of my favorites. Kind of a bit horror movie esque. I do wish the ambient mode were a bit more visible though. As is its hard to read until I wake it up.
I love the look - very Alien. 24h mode is needed however. Also it would be great to have an option to display date and hide the battery indicator. I'd like to see more designs by you.
U know what? I love this and it will last for ages on my lg g watch. Only thing is....I need the date.... Please
Looks like a classic VHS viewfinder playback at low contrast and saturation.
Not working with Huawei Watch; app doesn't sync to watch
Love it but would really like a 24 hour mode option.
is a nice watch face but needs options, show date/weather/etc and hide battery
Its cool but needs an option to change to 24hs clock. Thanks
Just needs a 24h switch...
I use it all the time
Awsome!!!!
The idea is great, but the animation is noticeably cycled, you should add a random component to it.
It's a very good looking watch face. One of the best I have seen.  I love how it looks and all the colors it comes with to choose from.  The sad part it appears to drains the battery very quickly. I used to be able to charge my 360 every other day, since install been having to charge everyday. Hopefully this gets corrected cus its truly is a nice looking watch face.
You are awesome. Dev will actually reply to emails and in detail. Super awesome to see such dedication to your own product, it's not something I see much anymore. Updated from 4 to 5 stars without hesitation. Would still love to see a battery indicator ;P
It's a great watch face. Does what it says and more. Love the minimalistic look of it and love all the options. Wish it had a few more things on the face (maybe weather...) but otherwise works great. Also if your wondering if this works with square watches it does. 😉  Sony SmartWatch 3
Love it! Its my favorite watch face, but it does have one short coming. On my ZenWatch 2, Ambient Mode doesn't work with it! It'll go into ambient mode then just away away after a few seconds It's something I can live without and I still use it daily, but its still a little problem.
I've run into a problem that I can't seem to figure out. I can get the watch face onto my Android Wear device, but I can't customize the face at all. It's beautiful as is, but I can't figure out hot to customize it from my Galaxy S6. :/
App never loaded on Android Wear. Disconnected and connected from the phone and nothing. I really wanted to use it. Android 7.1-Moto 360 1st G.
Simply one of the best watch faces out there. Really customizable and I love that there isn't an extra app that goes with it (I want my app drawer as uncluttered as possible), just the menu available via the android Wear app. Also, no ads! Great job!
Best for it's minimal design and customizations. Really great watch face. Only issue is 2 of the date formats (Sa 18. Jul & Saturday 18. Jul) show the two digit month instead of the two digit day.
Design is Okay. but i love the simplicity and the appearance options. however,  is it only me? the date stuck on 9. no matter what date, it only shows 9.
Love the look of the watch and the battery life I get when using it. Wouldn't mind more background and date format options.
Great watchface with lots of customization options. They all convey lots of information with very little clutter. It's also easy on my battery. Love it
Does not work, installed on watch but unable to find the app. Also on phone no shortcut to home screen, app is hiding somewhere
Love the look and feel of this face. Best one I've found so far can't wait for more updates to come! Maybe with weather data?
Does not work for android wear 2.0, can not install in wear appstore.
Looks amazing. And from what I can see on my watch it functions great. But I can not find or even open the app to customize the watch face on a Google pixel XL. 😭
Won't allow me to adjust settings on Android 2.0 watch say use app. App has no settings available.
This watch face no is compatible with wear 2.0
Can't open the app on my phone, and can't customise on the watch, however the face looks great without customisation
Doesn't work on Android Wear 2.0
It's fantastic. I only wish there was a battery counter!
Watch face is no longer showing up as an option in the wear app or the watch. I'm running wear 2.0
Can't figure out how to edit settings. Moto 360 v2 and Samsung Galaxy S6.
It just looks awesome I like how subtle the background is but it's still noticable
Elegant and simple. Good work.
I love those watch faces but I don't see them on the Android Wear app
Very nice watch face, I only wish I could see the weather as well.
Great looking watch face! Just wonder what energy safe mode does.
Waiting for updates..  Also needs more backgrounds and fonts but actually love it
Love this been looking for this exact setup for years thank you so much
may 14 '17.  doesn't have much info..
One of the best watchface.. kudos to the dev for making such a beautiful watchface.
Thanks for amazing design with details customized able.
So simple yet beautiful!! Loved it!!
Beautiful watch face!!
Amazing watch app
Very nice and elegant
The best watch face if you're looking for something simple and useful. It shows time, date, weekday, and if you don't want to have nay background pic you can set alpha to 100%. I have tried many watch faces before and I think I'll stick to this one for a long time.
Perfect and very simplistic but it would have been a 5 star if the dev include the "fade to ambient" option, as what it is right now is a bit too fast. I'll change to 5 star if you can include that in the setting.
Simple and the wearer's choice. Love this new watch face. My only complaint is needs MORE customization
Cute app, although I wish the background would randomize or something. They are all quite nice
Hi, I can't seem to find a way to access this app. Please help, thanks
It's OK, tbh I don't really see this being a paid watch face. I've tried a lot of faces and this one looks nice and I like the way it functions, but I wish there was more customization. And once you touch to change thru the different info displays it stays there even after the screen goes off which can be annoying. It should return back to displaying clock, or at least have the option.
Nice and looks cool for Moto gen2 I wish there was an option to reduce the spectrum colour width in increments to the outta edge. The spectrum looks a bit thick to me imho and would be nice for the option to reduce it.
Beautiful watch face
Beautiful watchface
I loved the watch face, looks great, looks even better digital, I just swiched from an android to an Iphone and I can no longer change the settings in android wear, not sure why?
Settings are not changing on the watch face. I'm stuck with analogue and faranheit.
Change settings in the app, but won't transfer to the watch
Great face I love it
Last update won't let me use digital. I've selected it in the Wear settings, but it doesn't change the watch face. Update: Fixed. The settings wouldn't take, but after switching momentarily to a different watch face and back again, the settings stuck.
Moto 360 owners, if this face won't appear in the Android wear app, it's the fault of the moto connect app. Uninstall moto connect, uninstall this face and reinstall and face will appear. As for the face, very colorful and nice extra info with tapping the screen. Well worth the cost!
This app will not sync to my watch
This watch face look fantastic!!
Great developers
great watch face! i like how if tells you the battery levels of  your watch and phone.  thanks, ammarptn!!
Love it! Big THANK YOU to the dev/s!!!
I love it
Waste of money. Digital mode still shows the analog markers. Also very laggy
Don't like the color styling
It was okay, but that's all.
They're a bit too flashy for me.
Cio
Use it all the time
My new favourite
Really nice.
Excellent Customization
Please add screen time setting and it will be 5 stars
Beautiful watchface, keep it up. When will Classic Black HD come out? That's the best design so far.
Doesnt look good b/c of those black lines on top right cornor
Looks good, but function-wise, it's bad! The second is having a seizure, it doesn't move with a constant motion!
Would like to see numbers
My original evaluation was overwhelmingly poor due to the stinging response received from the developer.  Another developer helped me to to not only fix their, but their solution helped me to fix Photo Shop Pro. This is a good app, but support stinks. Therefore 4 stars instead of 5.  I chalk this off to a poor understanding of culture and  angery frustration due to the developer's inability to communicate.
App does not work with Fossil Q and Galaxy s7. When you select the photo you want to send to my Fossil Q smartwatch. It does nothing. I read the comments about the app not working with the Gear s2 or s3, but not with the Fossil Q. Could not reach any support forum on the issue as well.
Could you please tell me how to rotate my pictures? I've clicked on everything in the app and I still haven't been able to figure it out. Majority of the pictures I choose come out sideways even though they aren't that way in my gallery.
[Sony smartwatch 3] Nice and simple way of selecting a photo from your phone (or Google photos) to display as your wallpaper on watch face. For five stars I would love to see it change pictures each morning.
Ugraded my watch  it did not go to it try to rebuy it it would let cause said already have the ab can't  put my pictures  back on phone uggg
I bought this program TWICE (one for the watch S2 & one for the cell s7) and I still can't make it work. On the watch will not give me no type of options besides the minus sign and on the s7 I choose the picture click on the choices on top of the app and it doesn't do absolutely nothing. I'm so upset right now!!
I can not get it to work on my Samsung gear S2. They said they would take care of it so I'm sure I'll update this app to 5 stars when they do!
I had a app downloaded tag the looked like this. I guess this one doesn't work.
I love it! Being able to use my own photos allows me to express my personality. Works fine on my Motorola 360 v2. Thanks, 😊
it works. I wish the dev would update it to be a full aw 2.0 app, though. and some kind of option for it to change the image automatically would be nice, a la Muzei.
Does not work with my fossil q
Can't hide seconds on the photo digital watch face.
No issues with the gear2
Didn't work
Won't work
analog doesn't seem to work.   Sony smartwatch 3
Amazing app really easy to use
Good job guy's
It does what it says but half of my pictures show up in wrong position and even rotating my photos does not help. They still show up wrong on watch
I love that I can change my photo as often as I want, which I do daily. To the developers, thank you for your quick response to my request for help.
Good idea to put your pictures as a watch face.but please add option to be able to rotate the pictures as mine come out side ways.tried in gallery on phone but still come out sideways.more options needed on cropping.other than that good app.
The app is great and has lots of cool features to help you personalize your watch! I also want to recognize support who wrote me back immediately and consistently to answer any of my questions and to assist me with a minor problem! 5 star app and service!
Love this app.
I really like how I can change the text and hand color to match the chosen photo. Some photos require cropping before they will look good on my watch, so it would be nice if they could be cropped right from within the app.    A number of stock images are displayed for me to choose from and some of these are really nice. But it would be great if after I choose my own image, it is added under the list of stock images or in a separate tab. This would make it easy to go back to a previously chosen photo. In  order to save space, it would be fine to just store a low resolution version of the image and then when I re-select a previously chosen watch face the watch could re-load the image from my mobile phone.
Easy to use, worked on LG Urbane. Pitcure was easy to add, changed font and added a caption. Been looking for something like this. Great work.
I was wishing to put my family pics on watch face.  This app does that beautifully
This app is really good but I can't rotate my photos to portrait and we can't manually crop the photos if this is added in an update it would be awesome.
Love this watchface but I wish that manual cropping was an option. Also selection of background for pics that do not fill all of the watchface would be great.
Works like charm. I like it alot. The only thing is that if you want the photos to fit you have to crop them with another app.
Wont work on gear s2. Kenya nairobi
Best face app I've found for putting your pics on the watch face. Frequent updates with improved features. Great job!
Will you be able to add weather
then it would be good
Perfect balance of function and simplicity. Only thing missing is the ability for resizing text. Thanks.
I have Samsung Note 5 and Gear S2. I have dl the app from Gear Mananger App as you suggest and this app still is not working.  Will not send pictures, nor anything I select in app works.
Works perfect on my Gear S2 paired with my s6 Edge. Been using watch and app for over a month without any problems. My only wish is for more watch faces that show battery level. Nice having picture of choice as a watch face. I recommend to anyone that wants to personalize their watch face.
This is the only app I've found to display a picture on the phone while showing a clock.  So simple and perfect.  On a side note,  the technical support staff is awesome.  Id recommend this app to everyone.
Simple, and does what it says!
I love that I have the options to wear whatever background I like. The company is very nice in helping me out as well. I love that they keep checking on me to make sure everything is working properly, and the respond to my questions so quickly.
Excellent so far, thanks
Really good watch face. The only issues I have are the custom colours resetting every time I  change the watch face colour. Please patch to lock just one colour preset instead of going through the three colour schemes.
Nice face but has a glitch on sensor
Just waooo, MTF WATCH. KEEP THE GOOD WORK MY FRIEND.
This might be the best face I've ever seen. Not only is the face great but so is the app and I love that its not in my app drawer!
This is one of the best watch faces I have.
Looks great, support is awesome, dev  really cares about his work.
Very creative
This update has broken this app and my Pilar H7 no longer connects to it any more. Too bad, I really liked it.
Does what it's made to do 👍
Make this what I want
Does what it says. Time visual could be better
Great thanks
5*****
Have had this app "installed" on my HTC m8 all day and there was never an icon to open the app and it never synced with my gear live or the gear live app. I installed/reinstalled before reading the commentary so now I can't get a refund...very frustrated, I was excited for this watch face. I installed multiple watch faces today and this is the only one that won't sync.
Didn't show up after an hour so had to refund. Nexus 6P + Huawei Watch. Tried to install again after developer left feedback and it still doesn't work although other faces I tried at random all worked without issue.
Install only took 30 seconds on a Zenwatch 2.  Such a gorgeous face.  I love staring at at.  The only problem is that when I power the watch off and on, the settings don't seem to stay, forcing me to always play with the settings when I turn my watch on at the start of my day.  This is not a problem for those that leave their watch on 24/7, but I turn it off at night.
Been installed for 2 days and won't appear on the watch. Checked for updates on my watch and phone. All is up to date and nothing. Wasted $.99.....
The face looks nice, installed without problem, and runs fairly smoothly. Unfortunately the date, time, and battery are noticeably off center even after a reboot. This is on a Huawei watch.
Works and showed up after 2 minutes installing. Just one complaint, display of date and battery not at the center of my watch. LG G Watch R (1st edition)
I enjoy this watch face but the Google now cards appear too large than they do on other watch faces also should have changeable settings on the phone as well not just the watch.
I wish more watch faces were like this, full lwp. Slightly stutters at times, hoping for an update in the future.
on urbane 2. however i found the time and date a bit too small. please give option to resize and i will purchase. i think this maybe due to the high resolution of urbane 2.
Plz can add adjust for clock place (top,bottom, middle) thanks for cool app
Never showed up on watch
It keeps my toddlers son curious and busy for a minute ;)
Thank you for your app  Ok
Looks awesome on my ZenWatch 2!
I already had the live aquarium on my phone, and now I have it on my watch! It works great and also great customer support! I thought there was a problem with installing initially, but you just need to wait around 10 - 15 mins since the app is around 27MB. Can't wait for the new features you listed.
I'm very impressed with the customer service for this app.  They worked on a fix for the problems I was having  my Moto 360 gen 2.  Thanks for the quick response and fast update.  I'll definitely download more apps from this company.  Great customer service!
I installed the app, but then it vanished. I can't find it in my Android wear files or watch face selection on the actual watch. I restarted the phone and the watch. I even uninstalled the app and reinstalled (which voided the return policy) I'm very confused. I gave 5 stars because I have faith in your watch making abilities and your customer service but I'm stuck. Please help.
I just recently acquired a android wear, and have been debating on which watch face to use. This face is really nice. You can customize the tank and the fish in your tank. The only ability I wish it has was to change the font settings of the actual time.
Said it installed but didn't so uninstalled  and re-installed and still nothing. 😠
Weather when will it come.
This is one of the most beautiful watch faces I've ever come across.  It's got a fluid animation, and it doesn't drain your battery!.  It makes your watch look truly state of the art, classy and elegant. Everyone in the office has complimented it at least once. I'll be in a meeting and my watch will turn on and someone will make note of the nice "fish aquarium" on my wrist.  As far as these other reviews are concerned I have experienced none of the problems they have; The watch face installs and runs fine with my setup. I've also easily found the customisation options, you access them by pressing a little gear at the bottom of the watch face in the watch face selection screen.  You can change the aquarium background, customise each fish in the aquarium and change things like 24/12 hour, to display the date etc.  All on top of this the battery life is incredible, lasting a lot longer than any other animated watch face I've tried.  All in all, nothing short of the best watch face I've tried so far.
Wish I could give ZERO stars. Does NOT work only causes problems with the connection between my watch and phone. Avoid!
It's deceptive to say the app does things that do not exist.
Wow, incredible. I have a fishtanks on my wrist!  Took a while to install because I'm guessing it's a pretty large app, once it installed I fell in love with it, absolutely gorgeous, has been my daily driver for a while now, doesn't drain the battery and looks amazing, 5 stars!  PS. Please add jellyfish!
Wonderful watch face, loads of customisation, fluid animation and doesn't eat the battery. A brilliant chrisms present. thank you emerald software!
A beautiful app, please make more!
Incredibly elegant, very well made
I've always wanted a live aquarium watch face to match my phone, and now finally I can! Beautiful graphics, highly customisable, and doesn't eat my battery. A lot cheaper than other watch faces too. Really good for value. Very happy with this!
Battery drain quick!! I have the first gen moto 360 it's great battery life, but this app quickly drain the battery, while on charge it took 45 min to go from 40% to 50% that normally takes 5min or less,
The animation is too heavy for my Moto 360 1st gen. It crashed my watch completely.
Huge battery drain.  My watch would not fully charge while using this watch face.
Fish jerk while swimming did a reset on Huawei watch still jerk. Refunded.
Using nexus 6p, lg watch and moto360. A couple of days after installing it on the phone it still isn't available on either watch.
I'm unable to get the faces to load on my Gear S2.
Would not work with Michael kors watch
This app has the most beautiful displays! I just love it!
Could  not get it to work!
Nice watch face
Crashes and does update when changing thr settings
Nice job!!
When i did some refresh after setting on it,there say "app stop working". Please fix this bug... i use huawei watch + samsung and iphone as my phone.. thx
I only did this to be seen I would give it 5 stars but since it still displays the full watch face in ambient mode on my (LG G Watch R)  it wears down my watch pixels which would cause a burn in on my screen not liking that. If theres a update to reduce information on the screen for P-OLED screen that would be great
This is my absolute favorite watch face! It looks great on my Hauwei watch. Absolutely beautiful!
I don't know how you got the flat look but it looks brilliant on my lg g watch r. This is one of my favourite/default faces. You're a great face designer... I've purchased about half of your designs... Keep 'em coming but please fix the weather - add more providers - it is still reporting incorrectly! Could it be a timezone issue? Please look into this... I sent you enough detail via email. Can't believe the lack of reply or consideration on this topic.
Developer fixed crash bug quickly. Even the weather is accurate now! Only missing an ambient mode.
This is a great watch face, but they only did half the job: there is no ambient mode face at all. Designed for AMOLED watches, this makes the face all but useless. If the power drain doesn't get you, burn-in will eventually. That's why every other watch face on the market has a low power, B&W (mostly black) ambient mode, not just a brightness adjustment for the full color face. Very disappointing, considering how nice a design it is. Also, it writes G Watch R on the face; should be huawei.
One of my Dailey drivers.  Great job guys!
Like the nonstandard 24 hour hand.
The update fixes the app with Android Wear 5.0! I was missing my favourite watch face so nice it works again.
It needs an ambient mode to prevent burn in
Great watch face, but add ambient mode please
Good but could be better On LG GWR shows month & date but should show day & date Need option to remove outer ring as GWR asked has one so it now shows 2, appart from that it is good
It's OK. Would be better if we could remove text from the face.
Another great looking watch by red bred that's held back by the technical side, crashes on startup on my Zenwatch 3.

Great addition to your collection, can't wait to see your next one
...every time I try to put it on my watch.
This is awesome! Please make more!
Great app. Defiantly  recommended for all the Motorola watch users.
This face is so busy that it's difficult to read the time at a glance.
I've had many watch face making apps and watch faces, but this face gets me the most compliments and the best look for no cost. I love this watch face.
This watchface is why I bought a smart watch.  Charming.
Use to work on my lg watch but now it does not have tried everything. Works on lg phone. But will not download to lg ware.
The new frame looks nice.
Thanks to a quick response from the developer, was finally able to get it working. I love the look of the face, but not sure about the simple sleep face, I mean, REALLY minimalistic. Maybe it'll grow on me. Otherwise great developer customer support!
Absolutely gorgeous watch face.  I love really complex, high-tech faces, but have an equal love for the traditional. This one makes you feel like you have an old, rare watch on your wrist.
What happened to the date? This would be the perfect face if the date were still there and showed up when the screen went to sleep.
On my  Moto 360 gen one , great, just make sure you reboot the watch when installed. Fantastic support from the maker on a minor issues that they dealt with fast. Thank you! Oh fantastic face 😀
Good watch face (hoping for other designs as well please) & great job on the very simple and elegant arms showing the clock with all dark background
Tried out a lot of different watchfaces-- this is the one I keep returning to.  Looks great on my LG Watch Urbane...even when it switches to all black with white hands.
Nice face but doesn't look as good on a square watch, as the shape doesn't adjust
Looks fab on my huawei watch, had lots of compliments!
Doednt work, doesnt show up in the list, no app icons either, nothing
Simple, Elegant and great on battery life.
beautiful watch face, looks amazing on my Tic watch 2.
Very nice watch face. Everything works fine
Great design, low battery use.
Works
Looks good and has functionality
Nice old face
lush
Nice smooth
Weak
Used to drain badly on my watch (among all other watch faces), probably due to Ambient Mode being stuck on dimmed watch face display sans animation instead of the true power saving Ambient Mode display.  Reset watch and reset phone, everything is working fine now. Might just be an Android quirk. This watch face is nicely done for classic lovers.
A friend said they thought it looked beautiful, and I have to agree with them! My only gripe is that the second hand snaps back to its previous location at the speed of light. I know its supposed to be the battery life, but its a little weird that it breaks the laws of physics.
If you READ his description of the app, it behaves exactly as he says it does. Brilliant in the execution!
The fact that seconds don't work is sort of cool if it was supposed to be that way.
Great watch face :)
Square face version would be nice.
But it would be nice to have something extra in the corners for square watch faces. Otherwise it just looks out of place.
Not much to be said. Great watch face and very unique. App requires no special permissions, so no worries about unnecessary intrusions. Highly recommend.
Keeping the screen white when sleeping doesn't do much for battery life.
Pleasant to look at as part of my collection of faces.
looks and works great on my Huawei,  added dark would be nice
Not showing up moto 360
Works well with moto
Needs date
Would not open.  Very sloppy
Can't get the faces to my moto giving up.
Different nice I like it
Excellent
It is a great gift
Unfortunately when it goes to ambient mode on my LG watch r, the face shifts slightly to the right and the left edge shows white edges.
This face looks great and even on full color ambient mode my battery life has been good on my huawei watch
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Nice face
Toujours pas de possibilité de se connecter avec empreinte digitale, pas de notification sur un seuil de solde de compte, pas de possibilité de changer les seuils des cartes, rien pour l'international.  L'interface est pas trop mal, même si il y a quand même un gros surplus d'information redondantes et/ou inutiles.
À lot better since the lasts updates !
Une mention spéciale au service PayLib de l'application, dont l'inscription est impossible et après discussion avec des conseillers me demandent d'appeler un numéro surtaxé... Et après on s'étonne que les gens utilisent Apple pay ou bientôt Google Pay...
J'ai un message d'erreur au moment de me connecter depuis au moins une semaine, "application actuellement indisponible"...
Messagerie ne marche pas. Gênant pour une banque en ligne
La nouvelle version est vraiment top. Un must. Bravo pour toutes les corrections de bugs et les améliorations visuelles et ergonomiques.
Very disturbing app. Even when I validate my transactions, I still get the same pop-ups for the same transactions, again and again...
Hello Bank a enfin une app Android de qualité, fluide et agréable à utiliser. Félicitations à l'équipe de dev pour cette nouvelle version !!
Worst app ever, I mean try N26 or revolut app just once, you'll see the difference. I'm a new Hellobank customer but so disappointed right now: - no real time expenses - connection issues like all the time - the UX/UI feels like it's been done by a junior dev in a single week - I don't feel safe at all using my credit card online, I was never asked for a confirmation from the app when paying online (on the same websites I usually receive a notification asking if I want to validate the operation)  - the 2 big series of numbers that I have to memorize to access my account are just an old bad way to handle authentication.  - you want to see your expenses? You click on "my account", then you have chart! And some stats I don't care about, you have to click on the chart to visualize what's going on on your account  Who wants to use this app, it's supposed to be the main channel between the bank and their users and yet it's crappy in all way possible. I usually don't post bad reviews because I'm a dev myself and I know how complicated it is to create a good app that makes everyone happy but here it's just too much.  I'm seriously considering canceling this whole account thing...(especially for the little security there seems to be)  Hope this feedback will help someone.
when the os is in Chinese, it crashes. OK in English
La touche "envoyer" ne marche pas dans la section contact/envoyer un message
Depuis une mise à jour en début de semaine, l'application crashe au démarrage.
Je suis généralement contente de cette appli, mais depuis la dernière mise à jour elle ne fonctionne plus du tout, message d'erreur au démarrage et elle se ferme. Bug signalé sur lg flex, android 4.4.2
Alors oui, ce n'est pas l'application du siècle. II y a de nombreux problèmes ergonomiques, parfois il y a de petits bugs, certes. Ce n'est l'application de N26.  Cependant il ne faudrait pas que l'application fasse de l'ombre à la banque en elle-même, que je recommande grandement au titre de banque gratuite. Foncez !
After the new update it is not working anymore.
Hello, this is very slow app? Very disappointing because other bank provide better banking app. I hope you will improve this app..
Je viens de chez BNP où l'App était vraiment bof. La c'est encore pire. C'est comme si il y avait une personne en charge de l'UI/UX qui s'est dit "et si on faisait en sorte de créer une App Android qui ne respecte aucune règle existante qui rends l'expérience mobile cohérente à travers différentes apps". Une horreur de navigation en plus de l'impression que l'App ram tout le temps
I run with the following bug, since my password has expired, the quick view were displaying non accurate information about the amount, and hadn't been warned of that, second point, it'll be more secure if you hide the view when selecting from task list as it could be screen shot
It has been quite slow lately. Fix it please!
Application lente, interface inutilement complexe, nombreuses opérations nécessitant de se connecter depuis un ordinateur. Vous devrez néanmoins l'utiliser car l'interface en ligne réussie l'exploit d'être moins intuitive. Un brillant exemple de ce qu'une application bancaire ne devrait pas être.
Impossible de se connecter. Ca charge sans fin...
Permet de faire les opérations simples. Par contre, ouvrir l'application arrête la musique
Super lent depuis la mise a jour elle ne charge pas...
Bugs and I cant Get in
Impossible to connect..
Gros potentiel; UI permettant un accès rapide au panel des fonctionnalités et infos. MAIS ça rame, ça bug, ça charge indéfiniment.. Précision, c'est un phénomène récent et commun à tous mes réseaux (WIFIs / 4G) sur lesquels ça fonctionnait auparavant. :)
Il reste certains points à améliorer notamment la possibilité de reprendre un chat déjà initié. Et une petite option pour éviter les tutoriels ça serait pas mal. Il faut sérieusement revoir le système de messagerie. Des messages consultable uniquement sur un PC et pas au niveau de l'application sérieux quoi en est en 2016. Un nouveau bug depuis quelques temps: pourquoi couper le son à chaque démarrage d'application faudra revoir la déclaration de l'animation pour qu'elle ne soit pas considéré comme vidéo ..
Infernal. Problèmes de connexion. L'interface utilisateur est beaucoup trop lourde. Trop d'info inutiles. Je recommande ING si vous voulez une bonne application.
L'application n'est pas mal.. une fois ca fonctionne ! En fait, il faut a chaque fois forcer la fermeture pour pouvoir la réutiliser car sinon ca tourne indéfiniment au moment de l'authentification
S'ils vous plait réglez nous ce problème qui nous force à fermer l'application avant de la relancer pour pouvoir l'utiliser à nouveau.
Poor UI, sad UX. I need to get another bank
Horrible
Impossible de se connecter des la première fois, l'App se bloque. Il faut toujours faire la manipulation 2 fois. À part ça RAS mais c'est tellement frustrant que ça demande une mise à jour au plus vite ! Je reverrai ma note à la hausse quand me connecter ne prendra pas autant de temps.
Frequent connection problems, broken Unicode support in outgoing messages (sending messages from the app breaks French characters)
L'application se connecte une fois sur deux. Je ne peux pas voir une bonne partie des messages reçus via la messagerie hello bank. Très mauvais et inacceptable, surtout pour une banque en ligne.
l'App ne m'affiche plus les menus des compte débité et destinataire .
L'ergonomie est toujours aussi bancale et non native. Le manque de rigueur dans la sémantique des transitions, la structure de la navigation et le design général rend l'application artificiellement complexe. Le tutoriel qui revient régulièrement est franchement lourd et démontre combien il est important de respecter les conventions du système. Les permissions, comme souvent, sont inutilement larges. Et pour les transferts, une question secrète! Sérieusement, les banques ne comprennent rien à la sécurité!
Le tutoriel qui revient tout le temps est juste un ennui insupportable ! En plus des fois il apparaît une fois des fois deux fois, vous êtes incapables de stocker le nombre d'apparition dans les préférences système ? C'est quand même pas compliqué !
Aucunes réponses, demande faites début de l'année..!!
Appli très complète et pratique.
I installed this on my Galaxy S7 Edge for use with my Huawei watch and I love it. It''s beautiful and works great. I love being able to see my steps and the weather along with the battery level of both my phone and my watch right on the watch face. So cool and useful.  My brother also installed it on his Galaxy S6 Edge for use with his Huawei watch, and he also loves the features and the way it looks, but he's having a problem with it that I'm not having.  The Fuel watch face is causing heavy battery drain on his Huawei watch for some reason. Before switching to this watch face, he would have about 40% battery remaining at the end of the day when he took off the watch and put it on the charger. Wit the Fuel watch face, he is down below 5% battery remaining by the end of the day.  Does anyone know why this watch face would be causing such high battery drain on his watch?
Love it!!! Very generous to offer for free for 3 days but still very nice (not just complimenting because of freebie) Love a nice colorful analog watchface any day!!! Thank You
Found my phone battery severely drained more than usual today. Fuel had used half the battery percent drained!
The weather widget no longer update data per interval. Please fix this bug. Hope there's an option to change to show a bigger watch battery only since the phone battery number is never accurate on my watch anyway.
I have been searching for an Analog watchface with the right mix of color and detail and this one fits the bill perfectly. Well done
Love the watchface but how do I change the settings to C instead of F for the weather?
I just bought the app and it doesn't show up in Android Wear
Nice Watch Face. U can change the colour    by tapping on 12
Groovy watch face. Works as advertised. Highly recommended.
I really liked this when I saw it as it's very visually pleasing to the eye and then completely disappointed when I got to the face settings to find out all you can do is change the color, turn interactive and sweeping seconds on or off, and switch the weather interval (min 1 hr, i prefer at least every 30 mins...)  Step count was off by thousands,  no option to connect to Google fit?  Only interaction on the face is ability to change the color... Again, beautiful face, needs some work for $0.99
"Ok Google" doesn't work when I apply this face. The artwork is beautiful, and the wallpaper option allows me to use it with other faces which do work, but that's just a workaround. Reported bug weeks ago.
This app is stupid. The pictures are unique but the time is hard to read at times and you can only change the background picture. It also keeps asking for you to rate it which is annoying. All and all this app needs a lot of improvments
Off the hook
Great looking pn my watch, not functional, but it does look great.
I like the art work,  but I would appreciate some more customization.  Mainly I would like to have the date.
Good
Good theme for watch imaged. No noticeable poems two days in.
Every time I go into settings to change the color of the face the app stops running. A waste of money.
Kinda hard to read the time, I.E. 8:40 looks like it could be 9:40 and so on...
You cannot see the lowest numbers on the bottom row due to the way the Motorola 360 screen is set up.
Rather than have a bright high beam on during say.....a movie or other activities that require consideration for blinding or distracting others, this is something I use. Great that I can change in a tic. I will use other features as well. Hey, I WILL GET POINTS IF I PUT THE SIGNIFICANT OTHER ON MY TIMEPIECE, CAN'T WAIT. =]×&gt;
No. Uninstalling. Not supporting such horrible decisions. And what was the ad? To follow you guys on Facebook? Just awful.
Nope! Not doing anything with your products!
I love the look of this face but I wish you could add "widgets" for phone + watch battery, weather, etc that look like they're embossed into the leather (like on Zenwatch 3 "signature"). Also needs brown color option for brown leather look
Junk
Rubbish
I installed this face, applied it and once I put it in the charging cradle, never let the watch get over 6% charged.... switched to another watch face and it started Charging immediately.  Not the first face with this issue. Super frustrating. ..
Awesome, the hourly vibration works with other faces too,not just the black app.....that's cool!  Update: I think it was glitching when another face vibrated on the hour. Still cool app.
I have this on my moto 360 and will only charge to ten percent.
I wish it had weather info but the style makes up for it.
Black HD Watch
Please add year
With the Moto 360 it looks nice
I love this developer's watch applications!
And straight forward.
One of the worst custom settings screen I've ever seen. And it's the same settings screen for all the watch faces from the developer. But at least the useless functions that it offers work. You just will never need or want to touch them.
Its not working on huawei watch
Nice face a lot of teachers compoment me
My only gripe with this face is that it doesn't have any ambient screen customisation like the meteor face (by the same developers) does. I would love to have the option of making it grey if that would be possible. Aside from that, well worth the money. :)
This company is a very pro-active company in Instagram. They gave me a free code to use their watch face and it is just beautiful. Like an active screen saver for the watch, it gives you details that you need such as the time and battery life. Moving parts like meteor showers and a moon orbiting the planet add a little charm to this watch face. Thanks you again Peppy Works.
It's an awesome watch face thank you for the code
Great watch face looks amazing on g watch r
Great watch face
Incredible work. Keep going. Amazing especially for smart watch 3.
One of my favorites
Good
Was fantastic at first and was easily my most useful and favorite watch face.  However it now no longer updates the weather or phone battery level properly - showing the same inaccurate information all day long.  I have to choose another watch face then go back to this one to have the bubbles update, but after that it goes back to malfunctioning. (Huawei watch)
Not as advertised
Now I need to pay to turn ambient mode on? I will see you cheap cucks later
Nice watch face, nice ambient mode. Best watch face I've had
Awesoe. S
Attractive display on Huawei watch. . Interactive, date, and temp info. I don't use Google Fit (I have FitBit) so five stars for a fourth circle on-screen at six o'clock that controls music on phone.  (hint)  :)
This is the second watch face I bought from same dev. Overall it's great, I just wish it could show the day of the week. If we could have the option to add current date and day of week under step count, it will be nice. To me it's a more symmetric looking. Thanks Dev.
Bought this and found out it doesnt work with Samsung gear 2.
Just boring. Uninstalled.

Excellent app and an easy way to customise your watch.
Like  it
Excellent
I like the look of this Waycross gave,  but it doesn't work well with the weather apps.
Looks nice, but most features are locked. §1.75 for pro.
Sexy watch face and customization is great. Worth the money.
Look nice
nicee
Terrible! I paid for premium and got nothing!
very beautiful, simple, delicate. love it
Love it
Bad battery drain issues. I would like a refund
I love the look of these (and several other) Smartwatch Bureau faces for my LG Urbane.  However, I had to stop using it because something when I'm using it is destroying my battery.  I used to go all day, with 20% left by nighttime, with faces from two other popular face apps.  When I started using SB's faces (and I used two that matched this style), I would be recharging by 1pm.  I was resorted to returning to the other devs faces, and watch life has returned to normal.  If there is any way to fix...
Must have
This is a very attractive looking face and I'm happy with it apart from one flaw. When on automatic mode, it sets the weather location to my original home address rather than the actual location. This is annoying when I travel, as the weather is telling me what it's like at home, not where I am now! Another point is that it would look even better to have at least one more colour in the ambient mode, even something simple like changing the colour of the hands to make them stand out from the rather complex background.
I purchased this but its not letting me use it at all
Keep up the good work, nice app and conscientious development 🙋
Didn't pop up on home screen...
Would be nice to be able to change colours
I has a very nice design, but it would be beter if it had a footstep counter and a hight meter. If those features will come in the near future, then this face will be awesome. And i will re-rate this face with 5 stars.
It's got it all.
The weather is not  correct, i bought four designs and all watch are the same, no weather correct.
I like the design and functionality. But the only 2 things I would like you to add is: 1. A step counter display. (Enable/Disable in settings). 2. Full Screen to ambient mode timeout. (Ex. Default, 3 seconds, 5 seconds, 8 seconds, 10 seconds, 15 seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds).  If you are able to add these features I will re-rate as a 5 star app. Thanks, I do like to support developers!
I wish that the display in ambient mode were not one color. I was using ranger watchface and one of the things I really liked was the way the ambient watch face was designed. So 4 stars for now. Otherwise everything else is excellent.
This is a truly outstanding face.  It makes my new LG G Watch R look unbelievably awesome. So many people have commented on how good it looks.  I also love the way you can do little tweaks to suit your mood or location.  A massive pat on the backs to the design team for this stunning piece of artwork.
Really like these faces, but would very much appreciate a minimal ambient/dim mode, where not EVERY detail of the watch face is drawn, just analog hands and the date, for example. To be able to choose which elements to show on the minimal face would be even better!
Really like this face but can be better by adding an option to only display the clock hands in ambient mode to save battery and better visibility. Thanks!
Will be 5 stars if can change the color of clock hand separately in ambient mode
Works great, looks fab and great support from the developer.
Would give 5 stars if the moon age went up in increments of 1 decimal place but watched the moon age last night go from 22.8 days to 23.8 at midnight .... wheres the other 10 increments in between?
Instead of having both the battery metres and battery percent, it would be nice if I could change the battery percent to Step Count
Tons of info on this analog/digital combo watch. Super sporty looking and super functional.
Nice looking,  but the moon phase is incorrect.
It would be good to have customisable hands...!
Nice work team
Paid for app loaded on phone fine but when I went to select the face,  there were hands on one side,  the second hand was not a second hand,  no moon no weather.  Uninstalled and refunded. Sad because it's a beautiful face. Not ready for the LG urbane 2!
I love the way it is supposed to look on the picture but the face is terribly aligned on my moto360 running Lollipop 5.1.1
Lovely watchface with wearing glasses.  Would you make the eyes rotation for reflecting Second value (like second hand location in analog clock).  Or may be the eyes will move when you shake your watch.  Ha ha.  Anyway, your work is really great and thanks a lot.
The developer has obviously put in alot of mind into it. Looking for additional customisation features though :)
Very Cool
Free
It takes a second or so between the widget button press and my LED coming on. Nice other themes available but very expensive for what it is.
Does what it should with no camera crashes.
Does the job while looking nice
Love the material design elements
Good
Android wear companion app would be appreciate. Also, Mabey a persistent flashlight notification card. 5 stars for the reply!
When I open it, the led lights up, then the app closes. LG G3 on lollipop here...  EDIT:  Big up for the reply! But it still force closes :(
This app made me castrate my dog
Now all it does is force closes, I didn't even have a chance to use it until after it updated and now all it does is force close once I open it.
Update 2: After latest update, app is very glitchy. Widget freezes half the time. **Update:  The app keeps running in the background even after I toggle the light off and causes the Note 4 camera to crash on start-up every time I try using the camera. If I go into the the Application section of the Note 4 Settings and force close Material Flashlight, the camera starts working as it should again.**
Let there be light and a quarter of dro.
AWESOME
Why this flashlight app isn't the top one, I have no idea. Insta-buy. The widget is amazing.
Very beautiful but any other option other than switching ON flash light requires premium app.
Thanks for the app
This is one of the best flash light app I have used but everything is paid... I don't see any point of paying for different colors on screen..
Really loving the UI. A bit difficult to start using.
Best I could find for my smart phone😘
🙌
Completely free, stylish and minimal. This is the "Timely" of flashlight apps.
Just the best flashlight ever
Very elegant app.
Best flashlight app out there, thanks Dev!
UI is fantastic and Dev fixed the animation to be smooth as silk in latest update! Big thanks!
Seriously? It turns the flush led on and off. Bloated software with a completely unnecessary UI for the sake of doing something "material" and asks you to pay for "premium" features. Seriously guys, the light is either on or off. An icon or notification toggle is all you need.
First of all great material design and easy to use also this app offers great features!
Nearly everything requires premium...
Just kidding it is amazing
Update : stopped using face due to lack of ambient cards. Waiting for an update.... Awesome concept,  can't wait for future releases...  One question,  my notifications don't stay visible on the watch after it dims...  Is that something with the watch face?  My stock faces didn't act this way. Also agree,  need ability to increase font size and battery meter icons. Thanx
Love being able to see the different calendar options.  5th star if you offer the option to specify different text size.  For my old eyes,  I'd consider the numbers on the time 'Medium' but the Day of week, day of month etc 'Small'.  The current events view should mostly likely have similar text size options.  Would appreciate a Small, Medium, Large, Maybe Extra large option for text sizes.  .   If given a preference I'd most likely not show the 'Arc' branding.  My watch is the LG G Watch.
This app is extremely useful! As someone going through Android wear udacity course to try and implement something similar, I am super pleased to see that's it's been made already! Won't stop me from trying to figure out how you made it possible though!
Thank you. This is an obvious win. Now please make it amazing... I'd like to get rid of the shadow/3d effects, Id like the battery guages to go into a black and white mode or be subtle all of the time, Id like to remive the word "arc" as it just clutters the screen, obviously Id like to be able to atleast change colors or even watch face styles entirely while still seeing the calendar arcs. I would actually like this as an overlay onto other wear watch faces. Regardless, thank you.
I'm pleased I got this app way back. But I find myself looking for alternatives and I don't know that I'd buy it right now. Wear 2.0 complications would be a nice upgrade for which I would pay. If there were an arc to represent precipitation probability, or the Accuweather MinuteCast, that would be magnificent.  If we're throwing in more arcs, may as well include arcs for fitness tracking.
Great to integrate calendar in the interface! However on dark mode the event has shadow effect that causes the words unreadable, thus defeats the purpose. Please fix this as a priority over all other issues! Really important! Picture in play store shows diff color backing for diff events, don't see that option. Will be helpful if there is this function!
Not worth it anymore. Feels like the app is no longer supported. Sync issues, calendar setting issues, app state issues. I can describe in details if anyone asks. I paid for this face - it worked magic before.
The older version didn't work for me but the update seems to have solved the problem. If you are crazy busy and rely on Google Calendar to keep your days in order, this is the watch face for you.
Had been eyeing this for a while not sure if I'd actually dig it. Gotta say its super clean and nice looking. Customization options are great, as is the list of what's to come. Great watch face!
A previous version of this was great. Now, because I have a long list of calendars, I'm unable to select mine. Scrolling down the list shows my calendar, but when I select it and leave the settings, then come back, only the top boxes have been selected. It's as though the scrolling never happened. I can't use this face as a result.
5 stars for appearance, 2 stars for calendar integration methodology  Very attractive watch-face.  Unfortunately, the calendar integration itself is a little clunky.  My main grump - I added an "Exchange" account type to track work emails and appointments.  This works for the Albumen watch face (which apparently uses the native Google Wear integration).  However, this watch face is unaware of it, and due to its UI, I suspect that it accesses the calendars directly using a different API.
My new favourite watch face. The location of the numbers could do with a tweak on the Huawei Watch, they all seem to be offset slightly too low leaving an uneven gap between the 12 and the top marker and the 6 and the bottom marker. The tick options are especially nice.
Best face I've found so far for "hey, look.  Your schedule".  The ability to select WHICH calendars to show is crucial for me.  Could use more customization options like "highlight color" (yellow doesn't do it for me).  The agenda view is basically illegible for me due to bad sharpening/interpolation.  I'd like more options for the complications, like "signal strength" or "exercise" or what have you. I'd like a better "low battery mode" for my watch-with-no-battery.  But it does what it says, and works well for that purpose.  Thanks.
UPDATE: It is impossible to select calendars if there is a scroll bar and you scroll down to calendars at the bottom.  /////// I really like the idea with displaying calendar events around the clock.
Great looking face but my appointments don't show up on my LG G watch.  User error?
Suggestions: Option for thicker hands, Bigger day number when month and year hidden, Option for abbreviated month and day text, Hide ARC, Option for step count. Keep up the good work!
A great start - the first watch I've found that really takes advantage of a smart watch. I'm looking forward to seeing more styles. My only requests would be to somehow make am and pm appointments distinct. Maybe events more than 11 hours away could be 50% opacity? And I don't like the events list - why not just load the Agenda app instead?
Great response from developer. Newest update is fantastic. Can't wait to see upcoming designs! Also the new daily agenda feature is really easy and helpful!
To me this is the app that makes a smart watch worth having. Would love features to keep coming (eg. don't show all day events etc) but I still love it
Great app for spotting when I should be somewhere. I'd like the ability to change calendar colours in the app, and an option to show appointments marked "free" rather than see them in same as background colour. Also, the list view on tap could be massively improved. Please increase the font size on that list and make it scrollable. Looking forward to the next update.
Like this app. Doesn't consume much battery and the standby mode still looks good. Just needs to increase font size  for the day/date.
Most of the elements of the watchface are too small to read in sunlight (or without my glasses in any light). Can the developer scale up the watchface text/hands? Using a huawei watch, for reference. Edit: Simple text filtering of calendar events would be nice. Regex filtering would be nuts.
I love it. Even though it needs more work,  this is what I use every day. Definitely worth the money and more.  Haven't found anything to equal or better it.  Looking forward to font and font size selection and Google fit integration. Keep up the good work!
Just waiting on the color options. I hate orange lol but also do we have an expected date for the upcoming update?? This is the only calendar watch face I like, but I'd like more options. Thanks in advance!   Also, wish it showed all day events as well like birthdays but I can't seem to get those to show?
Like the look over all. Would be nice if I could remove the drop shadow and also increase the size of the font for the date and day. Would get 5 stars then.
Not working on Samsung Gear Live, the calendar won't show up! Thank you.
Love this but when you tap on the color it takes you to a screen which only uses about 1/10th of the available space on an already small device! I'll keep it in hopes the update comes soon.....
Wonderful app, my only suggestion would be to allow for weather and step radials, as those are always useful, the api shouldn't be too rough to pull over, a lot of bang for your buck!
Doesn't work on Android Wear 2.0 and last updated 8/2015. This app is dead.
A great watchface that lets me see what the day ahead brings. Emailed the developer prior to purchase and he was extremely helpful.  Looking forward to the updates that are in the pipeline.
It drains my battery more than other watch faces. Love the design and elegance.
It's everything I needed. It's stylish and has a visual representation of my appointments. This was the first and so far my only Wear purchase. My daily driver. Thank you.
Useless for me! Can't select all the calendars I need! Can't add more than 10!! wtf?
Bug in that the Calendars selected are not saved (I have a lot of calendars) therefore no events display on the watch. I.e. the selection of calendars is not persistent.
Needs bigger font option and remove Arc logo since I paid for this. LOVE how the dim screen face is same as screen on face... Almost. Please don't change that.
Love the calendar integration. Can't wait to see it developed further (font, size, color options).
Really great watchface! I would give another star if it sync with my caldav :) great job pal!
This is the watch app I was looking for; it provides tons of information quickly and efficiently with an outstanding UI.  Kudos to the developer.
Looks fantastic, I would like the option to remove the Arc from the screen centre though.
Like this app. Works well on my Sony smartwatch 3, with my S6 edge running Android wear.
After months of searching the perfect one, I came across this beauty, and guess what? I am absolutely satisfied. Design is sporty as well as elegant, no-frills and functional. I just have a few suggestions which would make this even more awesome! I would like to share if you guys could tell me where should I email them! :)
Love the look, simplicity and the battery widget. Classic but simple, nice *****
Does not work with my moto360 v1
Nice clean face, with very little impact on battery life.
Overall lovely watch face. 10/10!
Not working on samsung gear fit?
Love it
Doesn't work on 360
I like your watch face. But I found a few issues on using it. First, the watch face sometimes remains in active one even in ambient mode. The screen brightness is getting reduced, but the watch face itself remains in normal one. It changes to the ambient watch face after a minute or so. If it is intended, it would be fine. But I guess it isn't intended. Second, the minute needle comes above the hour needle. I think it is more practical to put the hour needle on top of minute needle because it is shorter and doesn't cause any issue on reading both hour and minute. Currently, if two needles are overlapped, the hour needle doesn't show up and it is sometimes confusing.
Excellent.  But some tweaking options are needed. Such as change of colors of clock hand and background.
Nice watch face but the ambient mode is very disappointing and spoiled it for me. I have uninstalled it for that reason.
It wouldn't show up on my watch. Just a blank watch
Nice
Running on the G watch R and the size is just a bit big. Cutting off the dots regardless of the shape used.
Great app!
Positioning is off on moto360
Didn't work for me
It wont be eaven installd
So garbage
Doesn't line up properly
Works great and actually able to look at and change settings
What is a "short while"? I've been waiting a half hour! How do I push this watch face into my moto 360? UPDATE : WORKING! BEAUTIFUL!
Drop the decimal on temp just round value and then make font larger.  Note users = Adjust setting for weather to longer time to save battery
It is great I've been using it all the time lately thank you thank you
This is a great functional watch face.  Information is displayed in a very easy to read format.
Whenever I'm not running my own custom faces this is the only watch face I'll use.
When there is a notification or podcast/music playing, the digital time is cut off and can't be seen. I noticed the "Digital" default watch face on Moto 360 only shows a limited player at the bottom, so that the full time can be seen. That improvement to this watch face would improve it significantly.
...dots not visible. Wind and temperature values need more space. For example: 14.2 looks like 142. Temperature is also way off! Please fix for full rating!
When it is in dimmed mode and a card comes up, the card will be transparent and make both the card and watch face unreadable. Otherwise it's great.
Love the watch face. Everything is nice. Looks good. Only issue would be that the temp and the wind speed could use better spacing. Looks like 22 mph winds when its 2.2 mph.  I also notice that the weather is pretty off too.  Prehaps an option to choose different weather apps? Or at least weather channel.   Other than that a++
One of the best watch faces but kills battery fast.
I love every face you do. I don't want a wack analog clock. I'd buy a regular watch for that. These are watches of the future and deserve faces that show such. All needed information like phone/watch battery, weather hi/Lo, current weather, digital clock, etc are well designed. Color is amazing. A tad bit battery hungry but otherwise amazing. If you can insert a bright future blue and red it'll be even more sweet. Looking forward to future updates from you.
the temperature and wind fonts (values) are to small and bold which makes them unreadable
This could easily be my favorite of all the watchfaces I have purchased from this dev. The temp and wind speed font needs to be increased a point or two. It's 12.6°F & 6.9mph but it looks like 126°F & 69mph.
Great looking watch face and it isn't  nearly as much of a battery hog as other watch faces. Well done developer.
Needs small improvements otherwise it's pretty cool
Great developer
Looks like this face was laid out pixel-perfect for the 360, so the higher-res Huawei Watch renders it poorly. Get it if you have a 360, though - it looks great.
App you up too much battery life and should've of recommended me a better face at least
Using on LG G Watch R. When in ambient mode, the minute numbers do not change, but are simply shown one over the other, so after a few minutes you can not tell the time. The face is amazing, so I am waiting for an update to fix this. Then it definitely will be a five star app.
This is a really nice watch face but it seriously needs more customization options. I don't like the date format as being Tuesday 22nd March so I want to be able to change that. Also more background & font options should be included. Make this happen & I will give a higher rating
Great display. The battery % and date info are too small. The 3 tap enlarge feature doesn't always work and I need use a magnifying glass to see the charge % and the date info. Fix the 3 tap recognition problem. Then I'll give you 5 stars. Thanks Lawrence R.
The problem is that as the time updates it writes over the top instead of replacing the number.  So I see two numbers in the same place.  Not good.  Update this and I'll use it.  This happens on the battery saver screen, not the live screen.  LG Urbane
On my phone but not my watch.  How to make go to connected moto360.  It just sits on my phone.  Android wear can't see it.
I'm using the HTC M8 & Moto360, both updated to lollipop. When I download the watch face, I open it on my phone but there is no button to send it to the watch, so I assume it would already be there. I check on my watch and nothing.
I like it but cannot get it to my Samsung Gear S2 watch. Wrote to the developer repeated times, but he is not responding att all 😢. Pitty, because it's a nice watch face ...
Numbers get overwritten, so it looks jumbled.
This watch really looks nice. The only thing I would add is the phone battery level.
When in ambient mode the number will double by itself until u cant tell what time already..the watch face already look good please fix this problem and i will give 5 star thanks *lg urbane
Failed to refresh between screens, digits landed on top of each other. Pm me if you want screens, i saved some before uninstalling. Huawei watch
It's not transparent, thus your phone app will be gone.
Poor.  Was very disappointed in time transition, not customizable, no ambient simple black and white mode.  Sorry Dev, Uninstalled.
Its beautiful and looks great but it glitches - half the watch face graphic keeps disappearing and the digits dont transition smoothly - such a shame - have uninstalled.  Downloaded for a huawei watch 2
It doesnt work to my samsung gear s2..
Using on Sony SM3 and only displays time in AM regardless if PM.
It is very nice and warm and I have been there before you go out to be a great night
Also using lollipop.
I like the clearety and ease of reading as well as the color. It's look is pretty cool !
Not a fan
I like this face. But definitely needs an update.
I like this one. Simple yet pretty !works fine in my Smart Gear 2
I just downloaded this for my moto 360
Any chance of changing or adding a option to change clock from 12hr to 24hr?
How do I get it on my Samsung Gear 2 watch?
Es un timo, el reloj no va
Numbers dont change on timeout
Ok watch face for stand-by

Cant get it to work
cool and nice watch face with ambient mode which saves battery
Like it
It has a nice universal look.
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
Nice but not working on mobile it self
It's so beautiful I love it
Thank you
B

Simple,beautiful.
Nice Watch face but I can't able to change the color of watch face it's only with black dial...I'm using Fossil Q watch. No setting option ..and second is please give more options of watch face it's just one ....
It's alright, but while the face is lit - it flicks through the rotation over a minute at about 2 fps, it would be nice if it was smoother and more so if I could have the option to have it rotate round the world over the course of an hour or day, rather than just a minute.
One of my favourite watch faces hands down. However, since the recent update it flickers on my Huawei watch 2. Annoying enough to keep me from using it as my daily watch face
Hi, this watch face isn't showing up on my android wear app or my fossil q founder. Please let me know how to fix.
Now also perfect on my Zenwatch! I love the colour changes. Thank you!
The only thing I would change is to add a 12 hour option!
This is a beautiful watchface. Great work dev. Is there any way you could make the blacks in ambient mode true black for watches like the huawei watch?
It says it installed but won't show up anywhere on my watch our Android wear app.
I love this watch face, I just wish the date came across more often.
Love it much.  Love the design concept of this app,  since no body hate traveling.  Love the changing background, they are so beautiful.  Hope there be new watch face,  support❗
This watch face no is compatible with android wear 2.0
Cannot find in my phone and watch.
Lovely aesthetics, but PLEASE make it so that it doesn't visibly move at a glance, but rather slowly rotates through out the day!
Very good watch face and I was surprised that it didn't eat into the battery too much. Loved it!!
Great watchface with a lovely design. I only wish it had way to constantly show the date for ambient mode.
Nice originally looking, not lots of features but it plain and simple
Beautiful face that changes colours throughout the day. It's my favourite!
A great, simplistic and beautiful watchface
This app isn't showing on my fossil q founder 😡😡😡😡
Very nicely done. Better battery life than other animated faces
Didn't show on my moto 360
Just Amazing. I'm so IN LOVE with this face! Awesome work! Thanks!
Surprised Me!
Looks beautiful on my Misfit Vapor.
Working fine now. Edited comment. Thanks for the quick fix. 5star
please make it happen
A unique watch face indeed
Doesn't show up in watch or Android wear
I love this themes!! Wanderlust loverss
Not for me
My favorite watch face 😀
Really interesting to watch...
Just luv this face
Nice looking watchface
It's good
Nice!
Beautiful!
Nice
Goooooood
Actually this watchface is intuitive. Animation  and colours are great. The only problem i found was when changing from monochrome to colour or vice versa was bit lagging( it takes time to change) maybe due to animation, it should have change in an instant. Can you fix this?
It took me a few minutes to get it, but once I did, it works & looks great
Did updates, ensured both devices on same network, Uninstaller and reinstalled twice, nothing is working.  It will be great I am sure once u get to use it. So far, paid over a dollar for nothing.
**** Unfortunately the unsightly lock is no deal for me, refunded, it's a watch face, not a home screen----Sorry probz a dumb Question, what's with the lock on the watch face??
Can only access one image from each set. And not the ones I want!
Great customer service too, as I was to thick to work out how to use it, thanks again David, love this app makes me smile
Made my morning! I like that you can switch faces from the watch! Many nice looking faces. Since are just OK, but so many choices for a little over a buck. 👍👌
Very pleased, had a simple question for the re seller and had a response within the hour - excellent!
Do not download.
Have been looking for widget with weather and date/time that doesn't take up so much of the screen. This seems to do the best. Wish widget were 4x1 and more tweekable but, good enough. Fir example, shrink the time a bit. I like that it shows as much info as it does; I'd be willing to loose some of it for a smaller widget. Also like that the widget touch area is sensitive such that tap on clock area brings up clock and two on weather area bring up whether.
One of the best weather apps available. Multable options other similar apps don't offer make it the best. Displays are well done and I especially like the transparency option for my home page. Only complaint would be GPS location. Finds the neighborhood but not the correct address. Hard to understand why since other apps have no problem at all. Must be the polar shift 😊
It makes a sound every time it updates. I've gone into settings and shut every sound off. How do I make it stop??  Ability to see both hourly & weekly forecasts is nice, but I wanted that capability for the widgets, not in the app. (You have to select hourly OR weekly forecast in the widget settings menu). Provides a temperature notification icon permanently at the top of screen (very convenient at a quick glance). I love the widget background/transparency options.
It is a very nice app. The only thing I were better is the clock. It does not allow for 24 hour, military time. That's regardless of what your phone setting is. It also has a leading zero which is even sillier if you're not going to have a 24-hour.  That is even if you use a larger Widgets or on the app itself. I wish the five by 1 widget was a little bit better laid out in terms of being able to seize a date and time.
It was great. Good looking. Then, about a year in, it stopped keeping itself updated. The time is almost always off from my phone's time. I'm hoping there's a fix for this.  Revision: after uninstalling and dealing with accuweather's very unappealing (albeit, accurate).... I decided I'd give this bad-boy another go. Not a problem since. It's great and my screen looks a lot better than my month without it.
Really like your app! The large clock text makes it SO easy to read the time. Just wish you could make the other text information on the widget customizable. Can just make most of it out with difficulty. The rest is so tiny I can't see it. It's a very nice app. Thanks!
The app was able to locate my house, town and country even though I live in a rural area and it's a dirt road. So far it's been accurate with weather report. Just wish that it also showed the rain probability percentage. That would really be great! Other than that, very happy with it.
Was a good app, but now it seems to be the reason why my messaging app won't work. The refreshing circle just seems to be constantly spinning. Which I can only imagine was tying up the networking and not allowing my text messages to go through. Once I remove this app, my texting goes thru flawlessly. Is there a fix for that?
Weather app is my favourite. Now it works all very well.  P.S. Who and why have changed the city name of Odessa to Odesa? This is unacceptable! The original and the only one real name was, is, will be ODESSA! Ukrainian Nazis Fu*k off from Odessa, you primitives sickos!
Does exactly what it's suppose to do for a month or so, then it just stops working. Won't update, won't do anything but keep time. Galaxy S4. I just uninstalled it. Time to search for a good product.  Also, I don't know where it gets it's temperature data from but before noon, it's always 8-10 off. After noon, it seems to work fine.
It used to be great, and I think it's a beautiful widget. But lately it says the weather is "sand". All day, every day, the weather is sand. Not sandy, even (although that would still be false). There is no sand in the air. I checked. There is smoke; do you mean to tell me the weather is "smokey" or "hazy"?  This is a very strange bug.
Nice basic app. Increased battery usage lately equal to my screen battery usage. Wow!  I'm going to remove my second location and see if that helps. If not, I'll have to uninstall.  It helped but it's still draining my battery. Oh well. Thank you while it lasted.
I have had this app on a previous phone and loved it. I really loved the widget on my home screen where I could see the infomation I needed without having to actually open it. This time however the widget isnt working. I can go into settings and set it up, choose the look I want and information I want to show but the only thing I get is the app icon. Not as happy with it as I have been in the past.
I love that you can have a large clock and change the color of the font. However, rest of the font size for things such as "real feel" and "high/low" etc are tiny!! There's so much empty space within the widget. I wish I could customize the font size for everything so it's easier to read!
New review: it will not let me update my location. It keeps giving me wrong info!  Old review: Great app! My old accuweather app was a little finicky so I tried something else. This is great for hourly, tells the real feel temp, and you can access your stock clock app by clicking the time -nice little feature
I have loved this app for years and have it on multiple devices with no problems. The latest update is now causing it to overload my system CPU what causes my phone to lag and has created other issues such as battery drain. for now I've turned off location services hoping that helps and I emailed the developer. If no response I will uninstall and knock my rating down to one star.
Love it..mostly. looks great. Sync settings for weather updates don't seem to be in real time even when I set it up to do hourly syncs.  I have to go to weather area and resync. Totally defeats the purpose of having the home screen showing correct information.
I'm not sure how accurate the temperature is yet but I am concerned as to why I wasn't alerted about a fire that was only 10 mins away. I love the transparent clock and font/color choices.  Accuracy will be the final test.Knowing when a wildfire is close by and the rain accuracy is very important information for me.
So my phone has been crazy bonkers the last while so I wiped it. It got better for a couple days and then was probably even worse than before. Stopped sending texts. Took 100 years to load. I figured it must be one of the apps I put on there. The only one that really could have this widespread of an effect was a widget so I nuked my weather widget and my phone came back to life. Instead of 10-15% battery at night I have 75%. Speed way, way up. Yessss. Republic wireless Moto g 2.
I used to love this app. But suddenly it caused my Note 4 to lag and freeze for 5 to 10 seconds. I narrowed it down to this app by doing a factory reset and then manually reinstalling all my apps one at a time. Once I installed this one the freezing immediately started back up. I uninstalled it and it stopped. I no longer can use it anymore. I'm using the stock app now. And my battery life is much better to boot. I hope you can fix this.
Bye Yahoo Weather!  Been using the Yahop but sometimes it act strange and it's lacking some important info. Also, it does not sync with my phone's time. So i went to the store and downloaded several and great thing i found this app. Highly rated with millions of fans. The widget has a lot of options and customization. Wonderful.   Might be getting the paid version soon to support the devs.
Really liked the varied widgets; I changed up occasionally. I recently wiped my phone due to the battery draining and the screen randomly freezing. As I reinstalled I realized this app was the culprit. I then learned that others made similar complaints. I wish this to be resolved asap so I can use this app again.
I cannot share weather page in FB messenger. Not sure if FB or this app in error, but had no probs sharing weather in my last app. Disappointed. But otherwise a great looking and functional app! S7 Edge  Update - cannot share in SMS text either. Just sends the word "weather" to my contact. Hoping they respond. Love this app, but because of sharing not working gotta drop a star and keep looking.
LG G3 phone would act sluggish in youtube, Google browsing, etc. Ran hot and slow and short battery life.. Did factory reset and as soon as this app reinstalled with 5x2 widget did it again. Be aware of this app widget.
Before the app update, it was very good...5 star, but after the app updated, it no longer automatically updates the temperature when I touch on it and I have to manually make it update and it takes forever. Sometimes it updates the temperature, when I turn on my data, whereas before it always did.
This app use to be really good, but the forecasts have been out quite a bit recently.   One night it forecast 4° and it was actually -2°.  This level of inaccuracy is increasing.  Time to change to another app - sadly.
A good app & widget, shows waether and key info on home screen. One annoyance is that it seems to randomly change location for which it shows weather to one of the other places for which I've looked up the warther.
Best weather app for me. Vast choice of widgets, very accurate data in my region, clock is functional (open clock app, shows alarm), no popping up add. The only thing is that you have to choose between hourly weather and few days forecast through menu, but this is not really a problem.
This app used to be great prior to all the advertising. I'm ok with in app ads but to get full screen ads popping up while your using your phone is beyond annoying. Only reason it got two stars is because of how well this app functions. Hopefully they get rid of ads like that or offer an ad free version. Otherwise I will be finding a new one soon.
I like it its work better​ than others.thank you. I think it's much accurate than others.only matters is I can't turns off the sounds or changed ring ton. When I turn it off its even give it to the sounds.if you can fix this problem I will give it 5 stars
Hello. I am using this wonderful app almost 4 years. But few days ago it caused temporary freezing. My phone is Galaxy Note 4, Android 6.0.1. When I uninstalled this weather app, all things going normal. Please fox this. I love th8s app. Please.
Annoying sound-on updates day and night. And wish it gave the hourly % LIKELIHOOD of rain. I'm a gardener, & want to know when I won't get rained on.
Total rubbish... According to the app our  city is supposed to be sunny the last 4 days it's been overcast cold and nonstop rain. Definitely not a weather app I can trust.
Only installed about four days ago, so far so good. UPDATED 3RD FEB I'm still using this app and I'm still happy with it. My default location has recently been changed, have tried to delete and change it to what it should be, without success. Why? I have uninstalled the app and then reinstalled, then entered my location manually, this has sorted the problem out. Still using the app, would like to have % chance of RAIN. How do I set the widget on my home page/s? Would like to be able to sort my cities alphabetically, otherwise working well on my new phone.
GOOD: can turn off GPS and still get weather info based on the location you choose. The BAD is, that if you refuse to turn on the GPS, the app does not offer to go manual. I had to dig the settings for that. SUMMARY: I like the way this app works. Thank you! Keep up the good work :)
The weather is never accurate. Weather underground is far better and uses local weather stations and allows me to choose which one works best. The clock and other parts of the widget are great, if only i could rely on the weather information.
Used to work great but now causes phone to hang and prevents sms messages being sent or received! Factory reset my phone but this app messed it up again.  Uninstalled it and my phone works again.
Would give it 5 if it had hourly forecasts. Thought it was present when I first installed but appears to do 3hr forecasts in the hourly view now. Can you pls fix - I'm about to uninstall otherwise
Great app, have had it for years. One problem I am having is the forecast widget shows me hourly updates rather than the forecast for the next few days. I've been all thru the settings and cannot find where to change this. Swapped the weather provider and it didn't change either. Please help!
I'm set the other apps that I've tried for weather if the gold digging around and hunt to find a 10 day forecast no, this one makes it so easy right off the bat. I love this app!
When first installed, it was crashing on the watch pretty much all the time. Sent a bug report to the developers and within a couple of days a fixed version was released.  Running for a week or more now, no issues.  Nice clean watch face with ability to customise quite easily, I like it.
Nice in general, longer hours and minutes hands and it will be perfect
I really like this. How often does it check heartbeat? Be nice if it had date on ambient too. Pedometer should sync with what's on watch as more accurate than on phone. Cool though!
Customization is awesome. Developer obviously put a lot of work into the options and the ease of using them. Don't let the lack of reviews deter you - get this out and you won't be disappointed!
Like it, although wish the ambient wasn't hollow
Clean and clear. Looks formal.
Needs a color ambient option
I would like the date to appear in ambient mode. Also the hands and tick marks should stay solid in ambient mode. The way it looks now makes the face look like a cheap project constructed in Microsoft Paint.
Bought this since I got Futuristic GUI for free and wanted to support developers for their time. This is a very nice "night out on the town" face. Basic but with a bit of elegance.
I have a moto 360 v2. And bought this. Watch face is crystal clear n beautiful.if you wear a formal clothes then go for it.
Some issue with the rendering of ambient mode.  Just outlines of hands etc.  Huawei watch.
Ambien mode is not like the one pictured
I keep buying new ones! Glad I found them.
My go to face most of the time.
Ambient mode for Huawei Watch not as shown....
Does it have a watch power meter on it
Sweet
Nice... 👌👌👌
if you add google fit steps count and possibility show only temperature without conditions, i'll raise to 5 stars. ty guys
Love it on my Huawei Watch 2
Great but this watch face needs a lot of the same settings and features found in their weather watch face to start with, for example syncing with Google Fit as well as ability to switch of interactions..
I like this watch face, but it would be nice if we could change the "weather"/"steps" to something else like we can in "LED With weather"
The steps still show zero all day long. What's up with that?
Beautifully crafted. I look forward to seeing what your intern does next.
Wonderful face. Easy to read.
Sony smartwatch 3 - this app keeps crashing -- cool when it works but 10℅ of the time it doesn't
No Fahrenheit option... Seems like a basic option that should be put in
Don't understand why this is a stand alone app when you need Watch whatever the $h|™ is to add it to your watch, just downloaded the WatchMaster and add this app that way.
This would have been a 5* if there wasn't the problem with the voice input on the Huawei Watch. The other items could also benefit from some interactivity. Edit: downgraded to 1*, as no feedback from developer on the Huawei mic issue. I could provide log files if required.
A truly beautiful watch face that's not power hungry! My only one criticism is the battery metre requires a higher contrast or two colours (red / green) between charge left and charge used. If this can be updated 5 Stars all the way :-)
Decent watch face for the 360. Played around with it for a bit but eventually went back to my other faces. I like the sweeping hand. Please add an option to change the ticks to hours instead of seconds for a stop watch. I don't want to use it as a stop watch so seeing the 60 seconds is useless.
This is a really good watch face. The only problem I have is that the watch face isn't taking up all the space on my LG Watch Urbane. I have a thick black border around the watch face that I don't have with other watch faces.
RIt deducted money for in app purchase but did not enable the purchased feature. Not sure if this is one off technixal issue or fraudulent business.  Further update: Refunded the money. So changed rating from 1 to 4.  A good looking but less featured watch face.
My favorite watchface. Unfortunately the voice activation button doesn't work on the Huawei Watch (or on the new version of Android Wear?) It was working on my previouse watch the GWR. Would love to see it fixed again!
The watch face is nice.  Problem is the extras, microphone and weather in particular.   I can't get the microphone to do anything. The weather shows a graphic (sunny, cloudy,rain) but I can figure out where it is getting the information from as it does not match the forecast of the weather app on the phone.   Also it will show sunny icon even at night.
I'm not gonna sit here and lie and say this isn't my favourite watch face to date, as well it is. However it was a slight annoyance to me when I found out the the temperature dial doesn't seem to update with the phone weather forecast, which meant that my phone and watch were displaying two very different to numbers. If this was to be updates this watch face would definitely get a 5 star rating from me.
I paid for the premium dials mainly for the cell phone battery dial.   It works when you first select it,  but it never updates. I like the look of this face... if it only worked correctly.
It's not a bad face. Nothing special. Weather forecast is useless, don't know where it's getting the weather updates from, or how often, but it's totally inaccurate.
I like the classic look, and the ambien mode looks great. However, the microphone icon does not launch Google Voice, as I would have expected - at least not on my Huawei watch.
I love the look of the watch when I switched to this. Everyone is complaining about the battery being inaccurate but the battery life that shows is the battery life of the watch. Not the phone. Had a lot of compliments about it. Hope it comes out with some other new faces
It would be nice if the battery icon could display a percentage. Also, the pedometer count is not accurate. It should use the universal Google Fit count. Otherwise, this is a very nice looking watch face.
Was looking for a watch face that had Google search option front and center; thought this one was it but the microphone icon does nothing. Too bad as it's nice otherwise but doesn't suit my needs without that function.
Looks great but why can't the pedometer just use the google fit count like the other watch faces I have? It also seems to reset to 0 if I restart my watch. And... Upon restarting my watch I get 'unfortunately modern classics has stopped'. Reverting back to my previous face and I'll be requesting a refund for the premium features I purchased.
The Smartphone battery widget rarely updates on my watch, giving me a false sense of security on how long my phone will last.
Simple and elegant. My daily driver. Five stars when we can add a third indicator. Edit: Reduced to three stars because watch battery indicator apparently broken.
Meh, looks ok I guess. wish I didn't pay for it though, I figured the voice from the face would be awesome... But it doesn't work!
Please stop posting you cannot find watch faces. If you are not tech savvy enough how to use app manager and reset. Should not even have an android device let alone a smart watch.
Face looks great, but bought addon pack and weather/phone charge doesn't update. (M360)
LG Urbane here. Mic doesnt work, pedometer resets or just doesnt work (no connection to Google Fit?) and to top it off, I can't even find the refund button anywhere.
It is a battery consuming app for the watch. Nice design and I also paid for the extra features, but you should fix it. Moto 360 (1. Gen)
On the 'always on' black and white mode, the whole watch face can sometimes be off center which is really frustrating. Lg watch urbane
Only the small number 35 is a bit misaligned, and if it could show the name of the current day it would be perfect. Edit: can show the name of the day with the paid version. Now if only the number 35 could be aligned properly...
But the Mic button didn't work, and I really wanted that feature. Ok Google annoys me.
The face is clean and modern looking, yes. But the extra little widgets that come with the one time easy payment of $0.99 is not worth it. Maybe $0.50, definitely not more. Or just include them. The battery charge indicator would be more useful also if there were incremental ticks on the dial. Looking at a flat line doesn't tell anyone anything.
I've tried dozens of watch faces but I always come back to this one. Simple, elegant and looks great in ambient mode. Well worth the purchase.
Apparently this watch gave keeps it's own count.  It would be more useful if it synced with Google fit, and also displayed the step count as a circular gauge as you approached your goal.
Looks great but the microphone icon does nothing. The power meter could also have just a little more contrast. Moto 360 Sport
The watch face looks great but for 99 cents I think you should add another dial position on the top and bottom. Everything is else perfect.
How can you charge for settings standard on every free watch face ever. Add some color options or mild customization but charging so I can see basics is greedy and insanely ridiculous.
Beautiful watch face... Would give five stars if the phone battery indicator works. It works when I set it, but doesn't update when my phone depletes. Please fix the bug. Really like the ambient display - its as good as the active one.
Clean GUI and customizable display. Downside is that it gives an error every once in a while: unfortunately modern face stopped working
I know it's a watch face but anything that's free and then offers me small customisations is all good with me,  keeps things fresh for little money
All their watch faces work great and look great. But this one in particle is my favorite. Sometimes the notifications blend with the watch letters when dimmed but that's hardly a big deal
Is this Malware? This is 2nd app by developer that shows installed but I can't find any were except store . . . I will unistall
Simple interface. No needless ads or popups and doesn't waste the battery unnecessarily
What is the microphone icon supposed to actually do? Is this an interactive watch face?
Paid for app to unlock phone battery level, it only works when you set it, does not update battery level as it depletes
Like the classic design. However I just bought the premium version, to show my phones battery life and it doesn't update at all on this face but other faces do.
Need a fix for ambient mode though. Numbers show up fine, but no hands. Maybe it's black on black? (Edit: super awesome quick response. Perfect now)
It looks really good, I just wish it had ambient mode. The majority of androidwear watches have an AMOLED display and it would be a great addition along with a digital mode. :)

Nice watch face!
My favorite watch face. Easy to customize. Would like to see more weather sources.
Best classic watch
Great watch face. Classy but up to date in a subtle way that makes it pleasing to the eye. Lots of options as well.
The date should follow the timezone of the main analog clock instead of the one of the small digital clock.  Please fix it.  Also, the battery level info of the connected phone does not update.
It's getting better. Please make this available on Tizen as well   Please fix the weird positioning of the date.  Love the new notifications badge but why is it on the 6'o position why not on the 12'o ?
The outside circle of the watchface doesnt look as good as pics. Wish i didnt pay for premium. Decent features tho.
Got new phone and now it wants me to pay again for premium. Not happening!
Best watch face for classy customization.
This is the best looking watchface available! Love it!
Vry much designed to my liking
I've had a 1st Gen LG G watch for a while now and loved this face for it. Even went premium. Before I was paired with an S7 Edge and it worked just fine. Now I have an LG V20 and this app will not sync or load on to the same watch I've had this whole time. The only difference is the phone. I love the app, but if it won't work on my watch, Ill be getting rid of it. And the Premium Daring Graphite one I have too.
Love this app
Had to go with buying the premium love the features to customize it to your liking
Nice!
Very  amazing
The background doesn't change at all. It always remains black. Waste of money.
Great look, fantastic control through the interface.
I really want to like this face. It is beautiful and elegant. But the data does not update. The power displays don't update at all. Steps and weather update sporadically. I try it every update to see if it works and I end up going back to Ranger add my watchface, since that one always works.
Gorgeous watch face. Only complaint is that the date is at an awkward place. I would rather it be at the 2 o'clock position than in between the 1 and 2.
This developer makes some of the best watch faces I've seen!!! They look realistic, are customizable and do not drain the battery on my Moto 360 2 even with the watch face set to always on! Keep up the great work!!!
Everyone should buy every premium watch face from this developer. Suggestions responded to, updated often as needed. Please support this developer!
Looked for a long time for a watch face that was formal but still provided all the info that a smart watch should have. Developer is very prompt with responses as well. Very satisfied.
Awesome looking watch face, the only improvement I can think of is some way to show the day on the watch face, though I'm not sure where it would fit
wish to have stock display as well.
Of Course I'll just look at my Awesome Watch ⌚
I liked
Good one
Good
The face is  just to dark it's to bad I couldn't get a refund when I discovered this issue
Smart looking face
このアプリわ良いです
It always asks to pair with phone by opening handheld app and when you do it still doesn't sync.
Do not download this app after I downloaded it my Ui stopped working until I deleted it.My phone is 6 edge
Great app
I like it
They look a bit fuzzy
I've just wasted my money. It won't load on to my sony smartwatch 3. Now it's too late to get a refund. Steer clear and buy a watch face that works.
Won't install on my Asus 2. I've resynced twice and reinstalled. Please fix
Не встановлюється на годинник)
One of my favorite wahtch face
This is a really great digital watch face. The only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is the lack of options to be able to turn on and off certain features, like the weather or the steps/stopwatch/etc. widgets. Just giving the user a choice would improve functionality greatly with no detriment to user experience.
I love this watch face...I especially love how the seconds tracer goes across the flat tire instead of disappearing below... Clean look, great color. It's perfect!
Moto 360 v2. Did a complete re-pair of watch and since that it's worked perfectly.  Amended review accordingly and many thanks for the developers prompt and helpful responses.
Great numeral choice, however weather seems rather inaccurate and rarely updates when you need it to.
There are no pulse rate option,despite the watch (lg urban) has it and other faces are showing it. I want refund!
I already purchased the app and i cant find it on my gear manager. Im using the first gen of the samsung gear.
Awesome face.. How do i get weather to update on its own... I have to keep selecting update weather in settings everytime i wanne check weather...
This is a keeper. Beautiful, retro styled design with step counter and blingy second hand.
Love the color choices. Temperature is accurate.
Nice design, nice customization. Just hate that the watch arms hide half the skull. Would also be nice to be able to change the back ground to other solid colors. Black background with the rest set to steel would look better than carbon.
I really like the customizable face.  It makes my LG G Watch R really pop. One small critique, is that the face is just slightly off center.  It needs pushed to the left just a bit.
Please fix this problem does not fit on my moto 360 2nd gen
What is it telling you when the sword handle is in between the plus in minus symbols? Excellent watch face by the way!.
I would love to see integration of camouflage
Beautiful design
This watch face is a work of art.  It's easy to see the designers spent many hours working on it.  It has many changeable looks.  My favorite is the red, white and blue one.  I don't know how anyone can put that much time in an app and give it away for free!
Arrgg there be pirates. Perfect timing for the Gaparilla Pirate invasion and parade in my city..
I've been following your work since you started on the watchmaker Google group.  Very well done... Thank you.
One badass watch face!

cantik
I can't get the thing to work. I downloaded it on my phone and my watch, and when trying to configure it on the phone, it says "Low Internet Connection". I tried to "reload" and I still get the same error. This is when both devices are connected to the same wi-fi that is not "low". The watchface is set to the default location set by the developer and is thus useless for knowing the weather for my area.  This is the second watchface that I have had problems with from this developer.
At last today I have been able to download this again after a few attempts in the past week or so. And today it finally installed on my watch and I am very pleased with this watch face. I would like to apologise to the developer for my initial negative review.
Loving the design so far,  wish you could mix notifications.  (Phone battery and watch battery etc)
Won't work on My Moto G 2nd, refund did work either. Keeps crashing. 😬
Currently working on my Moto 360 with companion Nexus 6P. Hoping it stays that way. :)
Still not working with Samsung gear 2 , send to wear nothing happens,  is there any solution for that
I really wanted to use this, but not only will it not show up in android wear, but when I try to send it to my watch, it does nothing.  Will change rating if a solution is offered, or if the app is fixed.  The update did not fix the issue.  ***update* I still don't see the app on my phone, and it still won't send to my phone.  I sent an email, and still haven't received a reply, after 3 days.  My review will remain a 1 star.  And I'm glad I could contribute to your bank account. ***
Downloaded last week and kept getting error messages when trying to open.. Tried to download again and STILL getting errors and can't get refund. Not happy
Is there any way you can change your watch color by changing mood/day-night/weather for example watch turns dark in night? But yeah this watch face is different than the others,but I like it
This is NOT for the gear 1 or 2. Only wear watches.
App caused my phone and gear live to constantly restart. How?! I would change the location from Islamabad toy current location 3 or 4 times a day. 1 star is very very courteous...
I like the design of this watch a lot, but it's really buggy with weather updates. The current location was just HTML error text, and when in ambient mode, the info doesn't update at all. Also, there's no settings for ambient mode. So if the wallpaper is active, it shows the full image even in ambient. This makes it hard to read on most watches, and eats battery on the round LG watches. It needs an option for wallpaper in active mode, black background in ambient.
Weather doesn't work on the ASUS watch and the app glitches once I try putting it on my watch, it doesn't let me change the background either.
not for gear live. yet you say compatible with all devices.
Weather takes little time to load, but overall design is fabulous and neat
Here is another great watch face by Thema. Love the 4 customer shortcuts that you can setup on the rim of my huawei.  I set my top left short cut to google fit, my top right shortcut is android task manager, my bottom left shortcut is stopwatch and my bottom right is weather and they all work perfectly! All my watch faces are from Thema.
Best customizable available. Thanks for the awesome work
It doesn't work on my huawei watch with Android 2.0. (huawei mate 8 with android 6.0).  It just doesn't appear.
Nie wiem czy to kwestia jakichś ustawień u mnie (wyłączyłem nawet widgety​) ale strasznie zużywa baterię telefonu
Nice watch - very clear and readable.  The weather is inconsistent and the F display has two decimal places - looks unusual.  Can you adjust?   Thanks
Looking forward to full preset importing/exporting to share configurations.  This is a great looking watch face and a very well put together customizer app
Nice, clean and very easy to read.   Runs great on my Huawei Watch(AW2.0 preview) and LG Watch Sport. Very customizable and one of my new favorites.
Great watchface, seconds would make this perfect for me
Another great watchface from RAMZES.design. lots of customizations available, battery friendly; I can get 2 days with my 1st gen Huawei. The bitmap option for backgrounds is a nice option to have.
My favorite watch face so far. Not only does it look good but can be customized too
Love this watch face. The only thing that would make it perfect is if one of the widgets was heart rate.
Awesome watch face with lots of customisations and it is so clean and looks amazing on my LG Urbane 2nd edition.... Probably the best watch face I have ever used. Excellent developer support.
Love the funky style
resync app but still not appear on my phone and watch
face!  Been waiting for Lambda faces to be released.  Did not disappoint.  Really love the design!
Clean, classic lines, but unique in its own right.
LOVE IT,,,, PERFECTION....
Ambient mode doesn't appear to work right. Still the same after the update, black background with dark grey number colours (same as my active combo) will just turn the screen black on ambient mode. Seems to only work with a very light number colour. Still using it though. Asus zenwatch
I really like this watch face it's not a bad watch face at all it's got big digits and I really love it. Especially the fact that I can actually read it in a way that it could be read. Keep up the good work oh and did I forget to mention I like the color schemes the background especially green for the numbers and red for the background because it reminds me of Christmas keep up the good work I think you guys do a lot of thinking that goes into this that's what makes me realize this watch is very good I'm in the watch face that is so it just keep up the good work and I think you'll have a lot more good thoughts about it thank you
Excellent watch face you can change the colours of hours minutes and seconds font well done Dev this is now my first choice watch face get it now Huawei Smart Watch 2 Sport
Best looking watch face but unusable due to battery drain
Managed to get it on my Huawei Watch but still don't see it anywhere on my phone for customisation. Synced apps and still doesn't show on phone.
Can you pleeeeeease add working battery icon?
Best watch face in the play store!!
It looks f**kin' cooler than you'd think.
I like it
Just simply useful.
There are similar faces floating around the store, but this one is not only customizable but also the first one I've found with the option for 12 or 24 hour time. Much appreciated!
Hope you can put a date option, by then it will be 5 stars.
Perfect but I will 5 star when I can set a custom background
One of my favorite watch faces.
Very cool, totally different..
Doesn't work with Android 2.0
Very nice option for Moto 260 Sport. Love the ticks (aka indices) options, I use 4. Would like to see day and date but know this is available on the 2.0 version if Motorola ever gets their act together and release AW2 on the Sport.
Only slight grumble is for the configuration to be done from the wear app, only to preview what the face will look like
One of the best watchface for Android Wear! And the dev is very dedicated! Little request: can you make an option to NOT display cards info on ambient mode?
Looks really nice! I often find myself coming back to this face. It also offers amazing customisation, you can change the way everything looks, the colour ect. Very nice job, love it, one of my favourite watch faces 10/10 :D
I enjoy the nice design of this watch. It's easily customisable and works great!
Looking forward to seeing the updates and widgets. The "Fruit" company do indeed make some nice watch faces, so additional functional elements would be great
Looks good I tried forever to find this. Could you fix the Moto 360 so it takes up the whole screen? 5 stars when that's fixed
A calendar ring would make it the ultimate watch face!
All the best cloning all others!
Definitely doesn't fall too far from the apple tree 😉
Do you remember me from reddit? WMR2 here! Thank you a lot! 😊
Why  my  smart  watch  cannot  use  this  face..  my  watch  kingwear kw18
Moto 360 please stretch out face more to outside
Nice, simple face that looks great on my Zenwatch 3
Could you add the option of no ticks?
Never before in my life have I made such a worthy purchase.

Everything I want, but would love an ambient mode to save my LG G Watch R screen from burn in!
This watch definitely does not look anything like the advertised picture (except the one image showing a men wearing the Moto . It looks super 2D on my G Watch R. Not worth it, unless they can make the graphic looks MORE realistic than the built in "realistic" setting.
Very good timezone watch. Well made and 3 design colours. Not impressed with the paid for watches, but like this.
The Amber Face blocks access to notification.  Moto 360.                    Developer recommend restart of Moto 360.  Works fine.  Do not use because the Face is too cluttered to easily read. Looks better on the Play Store
Love this watch face. More colors in the future would be awesome.
My favourite face. Doesn't drain the battery like so many other pretty faces.
This is a bold, bright watch face that looks good on the Moto 360. I also like the easy-to-read battery indicator.
I bought it but it kept crashing so i got a refund.
Hi, the date is changing you just look on wrong dial. On the right is January and then numbers of the months like 2 Feb, 3 Mar, 4 Apr. On the buttom you have days and dates look more properly on the pictures!!!
It's not Jan 4 Date isn't working!
The date doesn't change...its not Jan 3rd !!!! Sort it out!!! Chose this watch face for the date function!!!
main face with black background would be perfect
ThAnk you
Ambient mode brightness
I love this watch face and the colors are so much fun. Perhaps a second hand and date could be added. Make second hand optional.
I live the look of this but it's so dark.  Is hard to see the numbers and the beautiful design.  Brighten up and it's a 5 star.
I love it too!  I wanted to ask if it could be an Android widget too, but this was asked by the reviewer before me.  Makes me want to get an Android Wear Device just to be able to use this Watch Face.
What a great app!  I'm using a Swiss railway clock as my analog clock widget for an android tablet.  Would love to use this instead.  I  particularly like the cool second hand - it's kinda mesmerizing.   Please think about developing an android version - I'm sure it would be a hit!
Love it! Can this also be a widget?
Like being from NS
I am a signaller on the UK railways. I always use an analogue watch face to keep trains to time.  I love the look and movement of this watch face. However, I can't use it at work because it does not display the date!  The real clocks may not show the date, but It would be great to have the option to have a date window. Five stars from me when a date option is included.  Also the hour and minute hand shadows appear to show the light source as the ground occasionally!
I'm a real dutch-trains lover, so this watch face make it all clear in my watch! ^_^
Genius! Exactly like the real thing
Fantastisch , weer even "thuis" voelen
I love this! It's so elegantly minimalistic and utterly analogue!
Perfect replica of the real railways clocks, including the characteristic movement
Leuk gemaakt, vooral de meebewegende schaduw is gaaf. Voor dagelijks gebruik vind ik m niks (ik heb graag een digitale klok, batterij status, etc), maar mooi istie wel :)
Great attention to detail :)
Vet!
Leuk :-)
Ok ziet er cool uit ... maar nu nog een versie die ook op Samsung Gear (Tizen) draait.
Plain Ugly
Nicely done!
Nice!
Good
This app has the most beautiful and elegant ladies watch faces. I have been searching for a face similar to the default on the michael kors smart watch and finally found many similar designs and color variations within this app. Elegant and stunning!!!
Doesn't work at all with LG Watch Style.
I love the watch faces. They are really pretty. A bit of trouble with pushing the face over to my fitbit though. Otherwise really nice styles
Like the app but you have to purchase premium via in app purchase to get the prettier faces. My favorite is the face with the gold rose but 6:00 should be Vl and its Xl wish you would update and fix that especially since that face is part of purchased premium faces. All in all though it is nice to have some dressier watch faces for women to choose from.
Love all the watch faces available, use them everyday:-)
One of my favorite watch apps!
Very pretty, feminine watch faces. Can't wait to use the dressy faces 😃
Another great watch app! Keep up the great work!
Pretty faces
Excellent stuff, works like charm
Nice app for your smart watch
Beautiful, classic watch faces.
Great app for Android watches.
Simply stunning watchfaces.
Beautiful watch faces.
Watch faces always seem so masculine, it's nice to have a watch face that looks like a dress watch and not a mens military watch
Love the variety of faces
Pretty for women
Very pretty
Very lady like watch faces.  Thank you.
Not for gear  s3
The watch faces are very pretty. Easy to use app.
Great job, very elegant and well designed.
can only access One free face
Pretty watch faces!
Just learning to use it.
Beautiful watch faces
I've been really enjoying this app with my rose gold Moto 360. Nice to have the ladies design. Sick and tired of seeing masculine aviator type design. So this has been a wonderful refreshing update for me.
I like to match my watch face to my outfits. Also this one of the few watch faces with diamonds on it. Very nice selection! Also does not have any defects so far. I've had this for over 2 months with no problems. Using moto 360 2 paired with Nexus 5x
There's one of the faces, black with a gold flower... It has an error. There's an XI in the 6 position where there should be a VI.
Do know of any apps like yours for ladies that running tizen… I love ❤ these faces ..i have then samsung gear s with the curved screen..  plez help
Beautiful and stylish faces. Just wish I could change them from the watch instead of always having to go through the app on my Huawei.. which is the best smart watch I've owned  by far!
I love the watch faces. Unfortunately they aren't compatible with my Gear 2.
These watch faces are great.. They fit with any style watch.. I have round and they look real cool in round
Stoppped working after downloading one watch face....
There are 5 free faces with this "free" app. The rest of the faces they display require you to upgrade to premium.
Finally, some nice ladies watch face....must have
Most of the watch faces are so masculine, I love the way these watch faces feel so dainty.
Lovely app! Makes my watch look pretty and fit for every occasion
Great faces and features,  wish more were free.
Ho. Evabo120318.
Good
L
Ambiant display blows goat balls, step your game up douchebag that I just gave a dollar to. I have no idea what the bottom number represents, my guess is your average grade, better than average, but you really should have studied more.
Beautiful watch face, I agree ambient mode needs to be worked on but I disagree with the tone of some reviews below.  Appreciate if the developer could enrich ambient tough as this is a paid app.
Absolutely beautiful watch face. My .02 would be more interactive functions but that's completely your call. Also, ambient mode options would be killer.
I don't like the ambient mode. Too simplistic!
I like the look, but where is the settings app?
Great looking face.
Would LOVE to be able to toggle the battery percentage between watch and phone battery level just by tapping on it on the watch!
Battery percentage is disappearing in Ambient mode. Touching screen is fixing it.
One of the best watch faces
Pretty cool looking!
Like other people have said please, please, please add tick marks for ambient mode. And the option for numbers as it would make it look so much better and I'd re-buy it in a heartbeat! :)
I installed it and did not like it at all, now it won't offer a refund? What is this!
I have installed and reinstalled several times and I can only get one butterfly to show up, a green one. Nothing else. Tried to change on my watch (LG Urbane) and one the phone. Zip.
Loved it
People will buy this thinking that it's animated like the Apple Watch. It's not. Not horrible pictures, but not anything special either.
Don't waste your time or money. Very little options and keeps crashing.
Excellent design, but it consistently shows a wrong battery percentage for my phone(Note3).
I like it, but I want it to display 24 hours. Can't get that to work
How do you make it so it fits the square watch face
The watch face looks fine, but is a circle with black corners. Not much for options either.
The paid version of the app simply unlocks the option to change the theme of the face to a lighter setting. Cool concept, but poorly executed.
Only enables you to change the display color from black to white.
As far as I can tell. All you get for your money is the ability to make the face light or dark. I prefer the dark face so I can just make do with the free version.
No point to paid version.
Installed for my LG urbane and it never showed up... uninstalled.
I liked the non moving background.
It is cool face love it
Not appearing at all
Thank you
Looks fairly easy to make an option for round watches to slightly compress the top and bottom scaling to fit full scales that are not cut off, otherwise fairly good. Another method is to use continuous strips for the scales that move towards a centerline.
This watch face crashed everytime I tried to use it on my ZenWatch 3, which was many tries over several weeks. Apparently it's been abandoned as it hasn't been updated in nearly two years.
Maybe some ambient options would be nice. Otherwise, I really like this face. Looks great on my G Watch R.
Unique concept, just wish there was an option to choose between 12 and 24 hour time.
Won't sync change settings and won't let me get to other apps
Wont synk and change settings
Its is ok
Amazing how I have found watch faces that are soooo much better than this, and they don't cost a penny. Don't take this watch at face value (pun intended), it might look cool but the interface is dreadfully poor. Stick to the free ones.
I have moto360 and Nexus6 but faces with weather are not updating :(
Love being updated when new faces are available.
Gone?
You guys have the best watch faces on the play store keep it up.
So, I know it sucks to have to pay for faces, but a dollar per face really isn't that bad. I mean if you download a face just to realize you don't like it, just refund it. ALSO, you can change up the brightness, colors, °C/°F etc without the trouble of editing a bunch of crap.   Easy to navigate through since it's all categorized from moto360, LG G-R, and Square face watches,  etc.
Love it, perfect for Moto360. Have one complaint temperature is always 10 to15 degrees lower than actual
Loads of info, bright colourful futuristic looking ... feel like im living in the "minority report" and work fine with only 2 crashes in 2 weeks and thats just for a few seconds and the its up and running again ... I check the store for new faces every few hours too! Keep em coming!
Constantly crashes play store.  No support from developer.  Uninstalling as it is to annoying.
This app gives easy access to this dev's watchfaces.  Please update all your watchfaces to support "Small Notification Cards" from Android Wear 5.0.1 update. Thank you!
I like this app. It's a one stop shop for all of this dev's watchfaces and now FINALLY you can open installed apps from within.
3D style like 'Holo clock face' for Samsung Gear S should be next in here for Moto360!
I love most of your faces, I'd like to see consistent options across the board though. The big missing one for me right now is the "Enable Drawing for Ambient-Mode" setting on the A06 face (my favorite face).  Ability to change the background LCD color like on the other faces (like A45) would be great too (I'd like it a lot on A41).  Thanks!
Great looking faces, super quick response from developer when i had a question, keep it up
Are not showing up on the smartwatch, thus the one star!
Love the themes but would like the option of adding watch battery status and date.
Was great when I had an Android Wear watch, but now that I have a Samsung Gear S2, I wish I had a face like this for it.
No sure
Thank you very mch for the ambient mode.....can change da color of ambient mode wch i was searching for months.... Gud job. ... Make more beautiful watch faces lyk dis....but du remember da ambient mode....
Can we plz have the option so it doesnt say watch phone instead somthing else like the date or a logo or whatever but really "watch phone"
Can we bave the option so it doesnt say "watch phone"
Cool love old school
Awsome
I like it
Needs more options
Dope
Great app
Very nice
Love it
Love it
I wish you could choose not to have the 0 in front of the hour.   Give that choice and stellar app/watch face.
I like it u should too
For an Old School  Graffiti artist  like myself, this is really cool !
As a graffiti artist, I really enjoy this face!!
I love this watch face.
Truly great watch face
I like it
Markus
Nice
Sucks
Would like to see an option to add the date (just simple "APR 9, 2015") somewhere below or above the clock.
Hated the intrusive advertisements, I'm ok with adds but loud forced video ads negate any possible good in this app.
Piece of shyte app with too many ads
Terrible! Doesn't work, only actual thing that does work in this is the ads
Excessive advertising. Give us a break....
Good
Ordinary designs, waaaaay to many ads.
Crashes upon selecting 'Settings' in app.
The watch face keeps crashing on me every 10 sec. I finally had to delete the face and reinstall but it is doing the same thing.
Yhankyou
I uninstalled because my issues from over a year ago were not addressed... Would like to be able to turn off the weather option. Also the temperature unit setting keeps reverting to Fahrenheit after it is set to Celsius.
This watchface is simple, clean, and elegant. However it doesn't work with Android Wear 2.0, as I can't configure it. I feel like this face needs to be continued on, I'd even spend money on it. It's a really nice looking watch face.
I used to love this one, but the latest version don't allow me to disable the weather information. Worth 5 stars if it's fixed.
Love this design. Just a minor problem: I haven't been able to change the weather units in the settings page. It appears greyed-out.
A decent-looking face, but the weather isn't configurable (e.g., update frequency) and the always-on view looks terrible on the Zenwatch due to the thinness of the font (the date is unreadable) and the watch face not supporting low-bit mode properly.
I like the design. I want more configuration options, such as a dash for seconds around the clock edge on digital, color choice, settings via watch, etc.
It's really beautiful. I like it a lot. But it won't work if I want the temperature to show on Celsius units. Hope it gets fixed soon
This watch face looks great on my Moto 360 but I would appreciate more customization (colors, weather on/off, etc.). Also, what on earth are the large dots at 9 o clock and 12 o clock and the small dot at 3 o clock?
I like the minimal face, as well as being dark so it doesn't look like I have a lit up screen on my wrist
Nice, minimal, clean and very classy.  UPDATE: I change temperature to C and on watch face I have still temperature in F please fix it!
But if I could adjust the weather update frequency and the background to a solid black, I'd give this 5 stars. Everything else is perfect.
Unable to change from Fahrenheit to Celsius
g watch r. Great simplistic elegant watchface. Would love to see more customization options.
I've had a smart watch for many months now and this is definitely my favourite watch face out of them all. Perfect!! Thanks
Clean design, but there's an issue with the first number in the date when the watch is in sleep mode when always on is enabled.
Doesn't work with my Fossil Q Founder
That's terrible
Please let me remove the weather. I don't want that there.
Needs possibility to change from f to c
Not configurable on Android Wear 2
The date is so tiny that some pixels are missing at the Galway Gear Live so that the text has some stage look
I like it.  Simple, looks nice,  and doesn't crash.  All u could want in a watch face design.
Nice and simple. The weather forecast is good, but it would be better if it could be disabled.
Light on battery usage. Wish could change background color. Work flawlessly on Moto 360
Nice and clean, but would love to see indicators for phone and watch battery somewhere on the screen
Free, elegant and simple. Shows date, time and weather in the best possible design.
Simple watch face that just work. No more, no less.
I want to enable weather but I do not know how!
Can not display the weather in Celsius !!
Only one watch face available
Can't change to celsius.
Literally has everything I need, and nothing I don't!
My favourite watch face. Lovely minimalistic design. A brilliant combination of design and function.
Please allow me to disable date and weather and it's 5 stars.
I love it but I wish I could disable the weather and also the date
Looks great but... You can't disable the weather 😞
Nice design. Can't change F to C.
Very modest yet modern.
Authentic
Yeah dude
Works well and the resolution is perfect
Really cool
Does not work on my Gear 3
Looks good, works good.
Working! Super
This is now the only watch face that I use. The only issue is that I have to update the weather on my phone, before it updates on the watch. Kind of inconvenient at times.
Very clean and elegant. From morning till evening I still have 60% battery at the Sony Smart Watch 3 :)
Works good on moto 360 gen 1, however would like to be able to change the time from 24hr to 12hr.
No planets ever show on my watch. Only the time, date, battery levels, and temp. Needs fixed.
Beautiful, free, no ads, does't install unnecessary firmware on your phone!
Android wear 2.0 compatibility broke this watchface on my original moto360. Too bad, I used to love this watchface :(
Been using for half a day and like it generally. It needs refinement but I get the sense the developer intends to improve it
should have options for night mode. not everyone love the bright green
Won't install. Getting refund
(previous comment deleted). Can you add optional watch hands with something darker or phosporic greenish? Current white hand dial looks unreal. adding watch battery level and weather related are always welcome
The date doesn't quite site right in the box. Seems like a low res watch face. Numbers look blurry. Was hoping to like this more. Screen caps make it look nice.
I must read more from developer why Numbers are upside down. Its a nice face just my preferences do not match the developer.  I therefore revised ratings give it a just OK just nice  i am happy developer is paying attention and maybe they will offer either or numbers Good luck guys.
Additionally to Google Now cards being semi-transparent instead of opaque, it will be good to have discrete seconds hand movement option (for even lower power consumption). Otherwise, great watchface, keep up the good work!
Different faces 1) long press watch face 2) scroll to Spec Ops 3) select small settings cogwheel. As others have said, lacks shadows so looks a little flat. Would like to see "night" triggered by night and not by dim mode. Also a different colored "tritium" pellet for the 12 position. (Like on Luminox watches) Look forward to upcoming improvments.
The image is much cleaner now and sharper than before. Battery drain seems to be minimal which is good.  Still could use a bit more tweaking.
pretty sweet watch face. not sure how to get the cool night mode on though, can anyone help me out with that??
A good, serviceable watch face - and unlike most third party ones, easy on the battery on my Moto 360.
My favorite watch face so far.  Love the green night mode, looks great!  Looking forward to any additional updates.   (Moto 360)
Liked it but i still think that it has poor customization options
Great watch faces.  Big fan of anything tacticool...I second the comment on changing the 1200 position to Orange tritium or something.
Much better and image is sharper now.  A bit more shadow and realistic would be better
I was hoping for a little more customization, particularly with night mode... It's also not green :(
It would be great if you could make different color faces (like orange).
Looks good on my LG Urbane. Can you add setting for adjusting the brightness setting on ambient mode and also adjusting the color.
Nice clean app face, different modes look great! Especially love the ambient mode.
Great Watch face but...really would like to see a black watch face vs the Dark grey that actually was included.
I love this watch face. It looks great when it is live and even better when it sleeps
Is there anyway to keep the watch face live and not let it go to ambient?
As others have said, more customisation options would be great.
After some initial installation issues, its working and it great!
Any instructions to setting night mode ?thank you.
Just got the brown version , where are the others ?
I would give it two and a half stars but can't.
Nice update. Lines are cleaner! Looks great
Looks good but it should be more editable.
Military style dial is similar to a Seiko I wear. Second hand sweep is the smoothest I've seen compared to other watch faces. Just a few missing features I'd like to see like an orange lume for ambient mode, and a 24-hour hand. Also, I have an LG Urbane and can't find the settings to try out the other dial (unsupported watch so this could be a bug).
I would love to see the chapter ring/tritium ring moved to the very edge of the face. The light face especially has a white ring outside of the ring that is distracting. The numbers and hands have almost a pink hue to them too. They would be perfect if they were more beige or tan.
Where is the black square version as advertised ? I have a muddy brown And silver greyish one and neither look like the pics.
Just got the watch (LG Round.)  This was first thing I installed.  Doesn't show up in the watch faces.  I hope they are going to fix this..   Edit:  Still doesn't show up.  Had this for 4 days now.  Tried uninstalled and reinstall.  Still doesn't show in either the wear app or watch.  Really disappointed!
Good face! However, the elements (numbers etc.) Are not very high definition. (They seem pixely and unrefined) please make the elements higher quality.
This watch face should have more options like colors and the thickness of hands its a little bit bold for me, and it looks better on the moto 360 than lg g watch r, but it's still a great watch face after all!!!! Hope you guys will update the watch the watch face soon, I think it would be awsome  :)
This is great. Love the tritium look a lot. Just wish the dark face were darker.
I like the look of the watch face, but the background could be a little darker
Looks great
I tried everything but this face doesn't show up and can't be selected. Restarted the watch and the phone and resynched several times. Nothing.  Too bad,  refunded. Motor 360 and Note III.
Logo still showing tho....please fix!
RGB Color select works great, no ads on watchface Edit: Re: No worries, I haven't used the watch face extensively but it's very nice looking, and I really appreciate that the face doesn't have ads on it.  Highly recommended to anyone considering it. It delivers and looks as good as you think it will.
I love this face on my Zenwatch, but when I have the hourly alert option selected it still shows the time instead of the eyes - which I was most excited about because I thought it was a really cute feature. Otherwise I like this watch face a lot.
Great simple look but really needs a date on face somewhere, surely not difficult to add. Nice design to use on occasion but i need date
I have android wear. But it doesnt matter cuz app didnt even tried to connect my watch or asked premission. Doesnt work.
Easy to use and love the color options.  Cute and works great on my Moto 360.
Please add date
Love the custom color you can add yourself.
Great look. But... I wish it didn't drain battery as much.
Works great on my moto 360
Moto watch face nice!
Love it
IT'S AWESOME AND REALLY CUTE!
Cute watch face. However I like watch face of Ben more.
Very cute. With the ambient display on its perfect.
How it works
Cool
So cute ^•^
It's pretty nice. I'm sure there is room for improvements.
😐
Help me please, i want to use compass from this face complications but it didn't work, i don't know why. I really like this theme so i paid, i use fossil q explorist btw.
For some reason it 0 for noon and midnight. It should say 12 for both when using a 12 hour face and should only say 0 for midnight on 24.
Amazing!!!!
What happened?! You updated and now the font is different and the added complications are all over the place. Simplify. You had it right the first iteration. Now I've got a contact on the bottom right of my screen and a battery complication covering the hour.... I used to love this. I'll change review when you go back to the better version.
Was great before the update. Won't let me use complications without having me pay, again. Guess I'll just switch like everyone else has.
Thought it would be great - "configurable" suggests AW 2.0 complications control - NOT so. So if you plunk down your $, don't plan on configuring your watch face complications. (update) A bump up in stars for new configurability, appreciate an active developer.
This is my favourite watch face but it always crashes on my phone everytime I try to open it. Please help!
Really like this watch face.  The only feature I'd like to see is tick marks for the analog setting.
I love this watch face. I just wish that it had compatibility with all complications and font customization.
Please add the option to see tick marks, also 2.0 complications would be nice
Not many options available, not even basic ones like notification count
So far, so good. Like the look and easy to read. I do find that the star volume and speed slider screen is accidentally accessed too easily when not looking at the watch. I quite often check what time it is but have to dismiss that screen first. It would be great if I could choose to only configure this from the phone as an option in the phone app. Also, phone battery meter AND watch battery meter, not one or the other would be a great addition.
Step counter doesn't match phone count, needs more customization
Very good watch face, but just paid for premium and the compass does not work on watch.
Love it, I just wish I could swop the battery meter from watch to phone battery :-)
Love it!
nice watch face but if there is any chance  that the widgets to be modify, they are ugly to be both on the bottom and  sqare or so cheers
Scumbag dev doesn't  respond to multiple emails. Find me in your inbox  and  hit the reply button when you can be bothered to.  Poor customer service!
face not aligned correctly
Not aligned properly
Sleek, sexy, what's not to love?
Excellent
Good
Installed but doesn't show up on my moto360
VERY NICE CLOCK
Your faces look great keep up the good work. All the little bug fixes you work out are appreciated!
Needs the other 3 small hands.
Doesn't work
And so clean.
Cool looking.
Fantastic
Don't download!
Cannot be used on my moto 360
Need to tweak the color scheme with how the clock is displayed. It's a little difficult to read against the background on most images. Tweak and I'll gladly re-rate, because otherwise it's great.
Wow!  These are the watch faces I've been looking for.  Great, great faces.  I have an LG Urbane.  Took a couple of tries to mount it.  10 truly wonderful faces for .99c.
Doesn't work,sort it out I paid for this crap.
For Moto 360 2nd gen, you have to go into settings to turn on the time. Would have given it a higher resting if there was a second hand , whick is why I added it in the first place, as a nurse, that second hand is pretty important
Love this but would love the option to add a date and maybe more colour options. Thanks for this though ;)
Didnt show digital clock on Moto 360 2nd gen
Digital time doesn't appear on moto 360 2nd gen.
Digital time does not display.
there should be an option of changing colors.
Maybe color settings would be great.
Very beautifull
I don't mind 24-hour digital display but I would like the option for 12-hour. Doesn't need am pm displayed to maintain it's looks. But definitely a great looking watch face
How do you customize? There is an image of the colors being invested, as in a dark watch face rather think light. I'd like to do that... Or a way to customize the colors in General. And a way to switch from ever clock to standard clock. I think the phone side app would be a great place to include these features.
Great design, but I'm not seeing an option to show time as 12 hour instead of the default 24hour.  can we have that?
Very nice,but would like to see an option to set it for 12 hour or 24.
Looks decent on 360 only wish there were more customization options.
Looks good but needs more settings, like 12h instead of 24h time.
Nice looking face and all. But, 12h format would make it a ton more useful.
Please add some options, you make nice watch faces buddy.
Wish I could change from 24 hour to 12 hour digital time.
I wish there was an option for 12 hour time.
very nice face! but how to change to black color?
It's ok I guess...
Try
Great face, bravo
Cool!
Super gorgeous
Nice looking face watch
Good app
Nice clock......
Not the best looking one. The displays aren't hi res enough for it to look good. 4 stars for your app but when the watch is in battery saver mode just leave the time visible not the circular outline.
On the G watch, it's a bit too blurry for my liking!
Looks stunning - especially in dimmed mode.  I wish there was a dark theme too for when the watch is lit up properly as the white kind of ruins it for me
Samsung Gear Live: All the watches this company makes are amazing and high quality. Works and looks great on watch. Thanks
Can you add a 12 hour mode?
Fantastic
Screen stays lit with background picture. This should be an option. For an OLED screen this will eat battery and potentially cause burn-in. Remember to set always on screen to off if you intend to use this. (In my opinion, that slightly defeats the purpose of having a watch.)
Stays the same in ambient mode. Might cause burn-in on OLED screens.
Without a dim mode this is useless with an AMOLED watch. Kiss your battery life goodbye.
Watch face looks good, but in ambient mode, it just inverts the colors and you can't see the time. It also has a lot of white space, so it's not saving any battery. In other words, it's completely useless in ambient mode.
Just payed 80p for this face and it's not appearing on my Sony smartwatch 3 at all and isn't showing in my wear app, please resolve this issue or let me know if I have done anything incorrectly.
I really like this watch face. Simple and clean. It actually stopped me from constantly staring at my watch is a good thing. I would love to maybe see more faces, changing the colors of the hands, and maybe a temperature reading for outside.
Good google-esque watch face, but it would be nice if we had more backgrounds to choose from. Also. Do we need location on to be able to see weather?
This simple design has exactly what I'm looking for! Subtle changes throughout the day reflect what's happening outside, it's great!
Great little watch face for those wanting a clean design with some colors.
Leaves ugly colors on the screen in ambient mode. Clearly only meant for the Moto 360
Watchface does not show when music is playing, only album art. No ambient mode, no options for date, battery, weather etc. Otherwise nice idea...
I really wanted to use this watch face but there was no way to see the date and it doesn't even have an ambient mode.
Would like to have analog mode, ability to make font larger and more choices like weather, steps, etc. How do you get the pro version and what else does it offer?
Opened one time and full screen ads that make the phone unusable, along with the app not showing up on my watch.
I love the HD look but I want to upgrade to pro which I have been unable to do. Any help in order to do this would be greatly appreciated. I would love to pay for the PRO version.
CAN'T USE IT FOR HYPE WATCHES!!!!!!!!!
All I See Is Ads! Everywhere!!!!
Doesn't work with Sony Ericsson Smartwatch 1
Launches annoying ads. Uninstalled.
Electric
Wont work on my fossil marshal q,  but sure does pop a lot of ads up on my phone.  I uninstalled 5 minutes after installing.  Dont waste your "time" (pun intended)
It would make it cleaner
Pushes crap after crap ads to your phone. Do not use this ap. You have been warned.
Spam spam
Like the screen but phone is plagued with adds, uninstalling.
Add everywhere
I love lightening (live) wallpaper when done right. This watch face is not. Please slow down the animation! Looks like bursts going out, not lightening. I can only imagine how much of a battery drain this is. Update and I'll give another try.
Bought PRO version only 3 color options it was fixed so it functions great with battery life.  That one could have used a extra color or 2. But nope made another electric wallpaper model and it's free but I've literally closed over 12 stupid commercials for other crap I don't want, just to try and see what the one I do want looks like 😡.  I supported the other version even bought the full pro version so I wouldn't have to watch stupid ads.  Now  if I want GREEN I have to download this ad bomb. UNINSTALLED
Awesome
People giving low ratings should consider that this is free,  nobody robbed you asked you too install it,  if you don't like it just uninstall, don't be ungrateful.
Ad riddled garbage, avoid.
Perhaps. Increase resolution details? Possible to have a 3D globe type of effect?
Great job! Best free watchface.
Excellent, except frame rate.
Weather! Bigger letters! Missed!? Pointless!
This is a really nice watch face, works good on my Sony Smartwatch 3. The only thing i would improve is it feels like the electricity effect is too fast, maybe add a effect speed option? Otherwise, very impressive!
It would have been better if you could slow the animation down so it was more of an effect as it was it was just lightning from everywhere and way confusing. Uninstalled.
I like it, it's a cool idea. It would be a 5 star app with option to manage speed of lightning effect, change font and ability to add/remove what shows on the screen (battery, weather, etc.)
Great idea but unrealistically fast on sony smartwatch 3.
Looks like you have electricity strapped to your wrist..
Off play purchase
Love it...just not connecting to my moto via s6 edge or my S-gear.
Works great on my LG G watch but no weather info
Awesome !
Why why why make a watch face that kills the watch so freaking fast.
Good, but has a massive battery drain and crashes on launch often.
Should be able to adjust the speed it alternates. A flat image would be better giving you better battery life and not such a crazy view.
Does not work on LG G Watch with Note 4
Work's well on my moto 360
Love it on my mofo 360!
Khaz !
I can't open it wear live
Like what I see so far; the two faces are lovely. Would like to see more faces, though--not just the day or night either/or. Dawn? Sunset, for starters? Also, definitely, desperately needs ambient mode. Happy to donate to help.
The backgrounds in this watchface are quite gorgeous, but the lack of an ambient display mode is a deal breaker for me.
Bought this and found out the hard way I couldnt use it with my Gear 2.
Beautiful face but needs weather.
Very nice   Only missing weather application.
i very much enjoy this watchface. Looks cool on my asus zenwatch 2.Never had one so detailed before. The more disapointing to find out that The lines and details in ambient mode are pixelated and partly undefined and even invisible. Really hope you will fix that in future but hey thanks anyway for The good job allready. Greetz Cliff
The developer is awesome. I had an issue loading watchface and they worked with to the tune of eight emails or so until they fixed my problem! Bravo. Customer service is still alive and well!
I like this so far but don't understand why there is a minute and seconds hand section when we have the digital time. It would be nice if there was an option to have just the hour above the date instead of the digital time.  Also needs more customization and colors
Buttons don't work well and the interface becomes boring pretty much immediately when you can't do much altering.
Please refund stopped working after 10  mins
Useless
This watch face is very beautifull
Unique
The image is pixelated where there are fine details. My biggest complaint is that the second ring does not move smoothly and the digital time at the top seems to jerk a bit as the time changes. BUT overall it's a beautiful and unique image with nice color options. I'm hoping the developer will be cleaning up the finer details over time. I'll adjust to a higher rating when they do.
Whenever I try to change the color of the watchface, tike format etc it doesn't send to the watch and if I hit the back button it doesn't save
It's improving, improve Always On, part of the design is pixelated and doesn't look good (Gear Live)
I like when the developer stands behind a product. I made some suggestions and they were reviewed and addressed. Good work.
One of the better watch faces I have ever seen. However, this needs the option to change how long the screen stays on. When I am hanging out at dinner or with my friends I want to be able to set it to always stay on so I can show it off. This only stays on for 5 seconds . It also needs the option to have a colored ambient display. I opted for the refund because I dislike to this so much.
That's about it. Date in the center being crooked drives me crazy. Didn't notice it until I put it on the watch. No customizations that I could find. Refunded...
Crashes my Huawei watch every few minutes. Un-installing. Please also initiate my refund.
Purchased, wasn't available to use. Not shown in app drawer. Refunded.
The date is small and crooked.
There is 0 customization here. But the face is nice and unlike others the movements are smooth. Twitchy low fos movements drive me nuts. These dont do that
Unable to change colors to the ones that I want. Cannot get steps on one of the indicators will not change. Not real happy with this one.  In response to the Developer, yes, I did try to change the colors via the app. Got it to work sometimes. The text colors are the ones giving me the problems. Making changes to  the watch is not very responsive. As for the "steps"....yes, I'm connected to FIT. I show the left indicator on the app but the watch still shows Watch and phone indications. For some reason it won't change.   If we can get this to work, I'll change my star rating. I do like this watch face.
New Best, an Analog face with up to four external complications. This is my new favorite. I picked black active and ambient and it looks great. Was able to pick Ext heart rate, step counter, meeting, and weather no other watch face I found could do this. One minor fault the numbers if you pick them are ugly
Bought on my phone, then wanted me to buy again on my watch. Then kept declining payment (figured I could get a refund for one of the payments)... Says Huawei watch is compatible even... Can't even put on my phone!
I would like this to be my go-to watch face. I like the style, the resolution, the customizability. However there is one thing I consider to be a major problem. When you choose to display the date it displays the day of the week and the full name of the month. It does not display the date.   followup:  If I use the right complication and not the top I can get a month date display. I would prefer it on top, but it is not enough of an issue to keep this from being my go to watch face.
The Arabic numerals look so bad. They are blocky and different colors. Take a look at the 6 in the image. So ugly I wouldn't want to use it.
Didn't look as nice as I expected on my zen watch 2. Maybe if I had a round watch it might look better. Unfortunately missed the refund window. But still giving 4 stars because it's legit
In general it is nice except the hour/minute hands. They are ugly and don't fit with the rest. please provide an option for different hands or at least fix them. and please add white background.
Will not install on my Huawei watch, even though the specs say it is compatible.  My watch works fine otherwise with all other faces.
This is exactly the watch face I was looking for. It has the classic watch face, but still shows the date, steps, battery, and weather. Then you can click on them and obtain more details, i.e. weekly forecast, weekly activities. Love the color options as well. Very pleased with this app.
Blurry, numbers jagged and not clean. Not elegant at all. Refund please
Why doesn't the weather work? I may need a refund.
Watch app is the best one I have used so far for my Sony 3, and it also squares to the watch square screen perfectly.
Great watch face! I've been searching for one like it for a long time.
Do not like the white ring dots around the watch face. Please add option to remove
For some reason, every once and awhile, the color of the background and text change to random colors.
Really like this face.  All colors work.  Phone interface for customization is simple and works. This is a keeper!
Would be 5 stars if it was brighter. I have to turn my brightness up to 5 for it to look right.
This is my favourite watch face, the blue face is as the name suggests, Elegant. Very classy.
Lots of options easy to use very customizable classy looking
Has all the info I need in  an attractive format.
Good looking and thus far has worked as stated.
Excellent. My current daily driver
Absolutely gorgeous
Ok I up my rating yo 4 stars.  Turns out the reason complications we're not updating was the cleaner app I had installed.  Removing that fix the problem.  It works great now.
Love the watch face and options. However, weather will not update unless you RESET the settings. Even then, the temperature on watch face doesn't update.
RichFace team has responded promptly and fixed complication issue within two hours, thank you guys. But digit rendering is still awful, I can't believe this font distortion was meant by design.
Really fantastic watch face. Two things I love: square on square watches, and has a setting toggle to allow for changing colors separately from the other touch functions. Keep up the great work!
Would get a 5, except when select watch and phone battery in same position, it won't show either. Otherwise, it is very elegant.
I purchased and downloaded on my phone but after several attempts over a 12 hour period, the app won't download to my watch.  Junk, I want a refund!
Works great! Have everything I need.
Very simple and clean design. Good work.
Huawei watch. Day of the month doesn't sit in the middle of the circle and I can't get night glow to work.
Lots of options. Used it on a lot of different phones.
I have 9 phones and this doesn't work on any of them. Please remove this crap from Google Play.
Nope. Doesn't work
Why did the update change the appearance? Now I've got to set everything  up again,
Absolutely awesome! Simple, stylish and with lots of features to customize.
Works well and looks pretty good
This is probably the most pleasing looking Clock Widget on the Play Store. Everyone is asking me where I got it.
This is awesome but please add battery percentage
God
Brilliant. !
Prob tried 50+ clock/date apps, this one is BY FAR THE BEST!!! Clean & simple yet customizable, barely any battery or data use... LOVE IT!!
This app is good. Icon is beautiful.
Excellent, great.....  awesome!
Okkkkk
Excellent
Happy to find a clock for tablets.
Very nice Clock
It was working to keep correct time after returning from lock screen but it's now not working again. Please fix and once you do I'll rate better.  Samsung Galaxy 2. Gingerbread
So Nice
This is one of the best looking clock widgets out there. Plus the dev is very responsive. I emailed him with a couple feature requests (like American style date on the 1x1 widget and maybe an option for transparency). He responded within a day, with screenshots and explanations. Can't beat that.
Khoobe jalebe
Simple & elegant
Good
because u have found the best clock widget in the market place! If ur looking for a digital clock, this is it. It also has the date AND day of the week. Super clean, super easy, and best of all u can make it as small as 1x1!!! 5/5 no doubt. And I NEVER review apps
The best compact yet stylish clock+date widget I've found for low-capacity tablets with 7“ screens.
I really would like a date/time widget that would only take up a small slot,  freeing up space on my home screen. Update : Dev answered and more widget options are now available. This is the perfect Click app for me now. Good work!
Ok this is one of the nicest widgets I've ever seen. However, I do think it can be more customizable. Like allow the user to adjust the settings from the app icon, not by tapping on the widget. And add more ways of changing up the date. I love the colors and textures. Looks amazing on my Galaxy Note 2. Please I wanna keep this widget, just make those changes. Thanks.
Excellent
I can't believe I found this app accidentally and it has everything I want thank you
Great face, really alternative but please add customisation for date order. I live in the UK and don't use that format.
Free for aw, why not for tizen :(?
Like the watchface, but Avast Antivirus identifies it as a serious threat.
My Antivirus (not Avast, like a previous reviewer stated) also indicated that this well done and whimsical watch-face contained known Malicious Code.
Like this a lot but would love the option to add a background, watch feels a bit empty with all the black
I like it, but the time in 12hr isn't showing am/pm correctly
All fixed. Still getting used to that Wear 2.0 works.
I installed and instantly gained a 6 pack. 10/10 would install again.
So far it's a great watch face, now that I'm updated to 2.0 however I cannot figure out how to get the battery indicator on. There isn't a way to access it from the phone.
Very cute! For Tetris lovers.
This face is highly customizable and very functional. People who see it are always fascinated by the animation and want to see the bricks fall over and over. My only complaint is that there is no way to add any sort of watch battery indicator to the face. As someone coming from Facer I may have been a bit spoiled by some of the battery and weather indicators that are typically part of the faces available.
tells you the time but builds it out of tetras pieces. never takes that long that the times wrongs. so cool
It's mint
Really cool watchface that draws the time in tetriminos every minute.  More than capable of lasting through the day. My two gripes are, not being able to switch between 24 and 12 hour time,  and no date display.  If you can get past those minor annoyances,  then this is the watchface for you.
Very nice and very fun watchface.  I got compliments all weekend on it whereas normally no one even notices my watch.  I also like the options to change the time format and customizing the animation.
TetrominoWear is a watchface with a decent amount of options.  I would really like it if you could customize the colors by piece.  Classic mode is too monochrome while Minimal is too colorful IMO.  Modern adds even more colors (Purple, etc.) which I'm not personally a fan of.  I really like the watchface but personally prefer one with more info on it.
Brilliant Tetris styled watch face. Bringing back the retro style along with nostalgia from playing Tetris.  Well polished with plenty of customisability; works perfectly on the Huawei smart watch.
Does exactly what it looks like. And that's awesome. Works well on LG Urbane.
I love this watch face and the developer is very responsive
Very cool!
Kinda cool but hard to see when the display is in aod mode
Hi it seems that the hour indicators are never shown for the silver watchface, regardless the checkbox in the settings. In the bronze variant it does seem to work.
When choosing a different color watch face, the colored part of the face is not very noticeable. It needs to have more color
The background picture is very low resolution.
Received message "No device connected"
Beautiful now that's it's fully updated. High recommend. Sharp and gorgeous
There is a problem with ambient mode. When the ' hours and minutes' option is enabled for ambient mode, it shows a black screen. Otherwise a very good watchface...
Digital dials don't work
Beautiful layout, simple design, everything seems perfect. I just wish there was a way to have the ambient mode clock be different from the awak mode. I would love to have a digital watch face with the analog mode around the edge (as it is now), but when the watch goes to ambient mode have the choice to make it an analog clock instead of a digital readout. The other issue is that this face causes burn-in when ambient mode is active on an O-LED screen. There needs to be an ambient mode with thinner lines...
Functional, beautiful, customizable. I can't think of one thing that could be improved, this deserves many more downloads than it has. Great work!
Very simple I like it.
Digital dials are not working
I have your other watch face and I gave a great review, however this face has no customisations and that is a shame. Please add some options such as colours and position of features and the ability to resize elements and I will push this to 5 stars.
I own both the red and blue variant of this watch face and they both look great on my G Watch.
No custom ability. I bought the other app and it has a lot of adjustments and tweaks. None of that here. I'll stick with it in hopes that it gets an update or 2
I love this watch face. It has cool animations when the screen lights up. Only thing I would like is the option to change the face saying Pujie on it. Thanks,
Very good looking watch face, runs well on my moto 360. Love that it displays the battery status and the date! And very easy to install since it requires no additional apps. Keep up the good work!
The ambient mode doesn't read well at all
But it needs the editor like the other watch face
Please add 24h mode for the digital clock and a battery indicator in settings and it would be absolutely perfect.
Cool
Nice and clean. Not sure if I can remove seconds and make it 12h (am/pm) instead of 24h.   Also, what's the green bar at the top?
Marvellous
A bit disappointed that you need a $2 App to use this. Make the face 50¢, everyone would buy it.....
This app is helpful due to hard of hearing it made an an audiobook that sounded muffled into a more listenable audiobook wish this had the ability to reckon hearing loss programming it would be a lot helpful and more accurately enhance otherwise it's a solid app all around
Within a few minutes of downloading, I bought the app. The difference it's made in the sound of my wireless earbuds is incredible, I'll update my review if the battery drain is bad which is what I'm expecting. Edit; the volume amplifier stops working everytime the next song plays which is quite annoying, only fix I've found is to adjust one of the knobs to reactivate it Edit 2; experimental fix solves this but with a 1 second delay before the volume amplifier kicks in
Great equalizer but at the start of every song there is a blast of music at maximum volume for about half a second. This has made the app unusable.
I bought this app and it doesn't recognise any artist in my google play music. All the songs on my device are bought
Did not expect it to work as well as it did, five stars.
Best equalizer ever I used.Thank you guys.
Ehh... Is it even working? Cause i don't hear any bass been boosted, or any surround boost at all.
Again with the adds and paywalls.  Give us a full add free trial to see whether we like it or not.  How can we have faith in a product you clearly don't.
Wonderful app one off the best 😎💖
need some better instructions.
Well worth it. I love it
Wouldn't work with beats
Professional headphone tuning, so good.
Nonsense money greedy
Interesting equalizer
Love this app
JBL T450. Great app dude. Amazing. Maza aa gaya kasam se.
Some help
Truly an amazing app. The most accurate EQ on the market. Worked for me, when the other ones didn't. Also it has extra features like burn in that I wasn't expecting so that was a nice surprise.  EDIT: On Pixel 2 Android 8.1: This app seriously drains battery. To the point where I have to stop using it. Really sad since it's the best EQ app I've used. This app drains up to 6%/hr, sometimes more.
I wasn't able to understand what the instructions were telling me to do. My music sounded horrible with this app applied. I would set controls to what sounded good to me but the next screen took the sound way down...sounded cheap like with no base at all.
Only works about 20% of the time for me. It usually craps out after two songs.I have to completely restart my music and this app if I need to pause a song to get it to play anything when I go to un-pause. When it does work I like that I can adjust the levels myself but it also gives a guide line if I need to just do a standard adjustment
Look man, this used to be BY FAR the best EQ app on the Play Store. The settings still sound fine, but whenever I use it, it turns the Google Play Music app into a laggy, buggy mess. Other EQ apps don't do this at all. This is especially disappointing since I paid for the pro version. Please fix this, I really love this app. I'm on the LG G4
Updated 2-16-2018 One bug tweak - the one off button. Says on and flashes off just for a second then the button still says on. To tell at a glance if the app is working and in the on or off state it would be nice to have the button change from on to off.so I know if the EQ is in the on state or off state. This little change would help me a lot.and as I state below R/L balance control.but this app works great. This is one of the best EQ apps I have found so far. Like most EQ app this app does cut the audio gain a little. You can compensate by using the audio gain control. The one thing missing is left right balance control.  Most other EQ apps either did not seem to do anything or would crash.
Best alternative to Viper4Android if your not rooted! Great app although it does sometimes randomly try to turn itself off but the sound it gives is very clear and there are plenty of settings to adjust exactly how you like.. 4 stars 👍
Despite being the first result for "sound balance", there is no such feature (left right)
This app is all it's cracked up to be. I recommend it for anyone. Quality sound quality control. Thumbs up
I love this app so much I paid for the full version! It sounds awesome and works well with my Google Pixel buds.
แอปมีการปรับปรุงแก้ไขทำให้ตอนนี้ชอบมากเลย
Works for LG G6 and Duracell headphones. Happy.
I know .This is one very cool music app .✌thanx rite on .now I'm drawing and ROCKIN'💋
Gave my ear buds the sound I was looking for!
Finally  I  found an app that actually works! Thanks a bunch 😉😀😎🎼🕪🎧🎛
Works great with pa Dora and the auto genre equalizer thing works fantastically
I was trying to balance the L/R headphones but this app does not do this
This is the app that I looking for. Focus on headphone! The sound is truly boosted!
Amazing difference after adding this app. I can totally shape the music to my preference. Thanks ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐👍😎
Superb app Controls all the bluetooth headphones for bass and treble Best result
Nice n'clear sounds 4 me too listenit's..,good jobs guy's..,👍up..;😴
Significantly better sound quality through my cheap apple earphones
Excellent on my lg x charge. Clear sound and extra bass.
Although i liked this on my Huawei,and Zenwatch 2 smartwatches  and it looked just as good as the phone and tablet app. I had to uninstall it because  the background customization and watch face options havent worked in the settings, fix this and definitely will reinstall
Really nice...... Any chance on being able to change the colour of the clocks and perhaps an option for the length of time the screen stays on in any future updates ? Also...... Great whites would look pretty cool 😂
Sencilla pero muy funcional gracias por esta aplicacion
It's been a great watch face and worked well until I got a new phone and had to reset watch. Now it has a black gap on the top like on the bottom of my 360.  Any ideas?
It's nice like the version for phones and tablets... But it keeps freezing up my Moto 360.... Always gives me an application not responding... But it's nice...
It's a good face but I found its very heavy on the battery on my sony smart watch 3 a shame or it would be 5 stars
Looks great works great hope to see more on wear from you guys it's cool  edit* ambient mode cause the the moto 360 to freeze needing a restart please fix this problem
Awesome watch face on my lg g watch.  Lots of customization.  So worth a buck.  I hope you guys port some of your other phone wallpaper to the watch.  I own nearly everything you've made for live wallpaper.
A great clock face with fully moving fish.and a choice of options to change fish type and backgrounds.would be nice to have numbers on face screen.hopefully on next update.keep up the good work.
Please help as i cant find it.thank you.
Nice 2 c u guys working on Android wear.
Dire animation and nothing like the live wallpaper. Save your money...
Great idea, and really shows off the watch, but eats battery life.
I installed it but it was no where to be found to I asked for a refund!  I am running Android 6.0
Can you do the other major houses?  Would love targaryan or Martell
Change house? 5 stars once able to change house
Best👍
One of the best watch faces I've seen.
By FAR my favorite watch face. Had trouble installing it because I'm unfamiliar with Wear 2.0, but I emailed the developer and got a very speedy response. Absolute must have. This developer has several outstanding watch faces that are worth trying, but this is my favorite.
Functional , good options
does not work on samsung gear s3
Good design with thousand color mix possibility
Smart interactive watch
Got my moto 360 2nd gen last week and lime everyone I installed so many watch faced.  I keep coming back to this one.  I like the style and how I can customize it.    Heart rate and weather on the main face is great.
It's a very nice watch face! Although, the start up time lags a bit to fully load my customized watch face. It's understandable it's so much to load but once it's on it's amazing!
A pretty good looking watchface with great customizations for buttons. I'd like if the big bar in the middle was an option or if there were other options for that look. Otherwise a very nice watchface
No problems at all.
Best face out there
Excellent watch face! Would highly recommend to others.
Great!
Well designed
Nice
Great design, great options, very usable. If it only had more border colors as other Thema designs do. Still, close to perfect.
Nice setup possibilities. I like most the custom links that you can place on the watch. Really handy to have my most used apps just a tip a way.
One of my favourite
Excellent.
Great looking face on the LG Urbane. Excellent customisation. Loads of colour schemes. The added ability to add custom shortcuts to apps of your choice is a welcome addition. Good developer, who responds quickly to questions.
10/10 update. Has every option I would ever want. Great looking and functional. Thank you.
Hi,  Really happy with the watch face BUT: Every morning, steps and temperature values are not updated automatically.  Both values stay unchanged to what they were during the night. I'm setting the watch to airplane mode during the night and after enabling it in the morning nothing happens.  Trying to force a manual update, I changed the watch face and set it back again ...only change is that then steps are 0 and temperature -- degrees! Battery percentage of the mobile is updating, connection has no problem
This watch face has it all and it's not cluttered looking! It's also interactive and there in lies one of the problems. When I press the weather icon it hangs for a second and then gives me an error message. There are only 2 weather choices and none work for me. The other gripe is that we get only 3 hand choices and I don't love any of them but I guess this is a minor prob. Plz fix the weather problem and rethink the hand designs...please...thank you!
Can we get the "OK Google" function?
Very much awesome, I love it, Thema, you're the best
Great watch face. Really love that you can see the number of unread Gmail and SMS messages.
Good number of customization. Stylish watch face.
A little  bit  bigger,  compared  to Nighthawk screen -  the Moto  360  flat tire cuts  off  bottom.  Please  can  you add Custom  Tags for Timezones mine is weird.  Battery  drain  needs  to  be  fixed. Option  to  remove  seconds  from  second  timezone? or at least  have  it  same  colour  as  rest  of the  text
This did not work for me and I would like a refund. I am not sure how to get one. I have the gear s2 and thought it would be great for it. If the devs are honest they would just give me a refund!
Really like this one, looks very crisp on the screen and not over flashy. All reviews come with a but! But... Please can there be an option to remove the digital clock? I can tell the time, don't need pointers!
Lots of features with interactive dials for every need. Excellent battery usage, but drains quick with seconds hand turned on.
Great crisp face easy to adjust outstanding design.
Enjoying it so far on Huawei watch. Tons of customizations.
Amazing battery life
Please fix
Love this app. It has better battery life than the plain watch faces on my LG Watch Urbane plus it does much more.
Had a problem with initial install. An uninstall and re-download took care of it. Love the options available.
I am loving these interactive faces and this one is a very nice design. However, I have one request. I would like to have a weather interaction option with a 3-5 day forecast.
Fantastic design. Looks beautiful on my moto 360.
Finally a good ana/digi watch face for square smartwatches! Please make the black version really "black"(I think it makes it easier to read in direct sunlight). Other than this, it's beautiful and works, no background services to use phone's memory, etc. Thank you!
dont work moto 360
Finally a beautiful display for square watch faces.
Looks decent enough. Somewhat annoying that it takes up two slots in the face selector menu, but depending on how often you change watch face, that might be OK. What bugged me the most was that the round faces seem actually flatten out at the bottom, so now my LG G Watch R has the same bezel at the bottom that the Moto 360 has.
I'm using the basic black square watch face and I gotta say, it looks pretty nice. My favorite aspect is that it displays both analog and digital clocks one one face, along with the date (and seconds when tapped).
Good looking watch faces, but I think there should be an ability to customize the faces when it comes to weather, battery levels, digital clock appearance, etc.
Why does it have to say leather watch? Looks so stupid. Please remove those words
Would like too see more options and user customization such as adding weather in place of leather watch words...ability change hand colors... ability to adjust length it remains in bright mode.
Looks nice... but boy, does it eat battery. Other faces get me 50% longer battery life.
This face is perfect for the LG G watch . I would like to see more functionality but a beautiful face.
Great work you have done thanks heaps
When I installed for moto 360..it is showing square face
better designs with passions
Has everything you need. Date with year and battery indicator. Must have for Moto 360
How about adding pedometer steps?  Look is clean but could have a bit more.
Nice, one free watch face.
Works well with notifications
A slight improvement would be to add the day of the week to it. Also, perhaps it should say something besides "leather watch" on the bottom. But overall, a good watch face.
Battery indicator is a nice touch. I wish it didn't say leather watch at the bottom though
Not impressed!
I bought all the 6 premium designs.. The problem is when my Moto 360 wakes up from sleep.. It does it in the black theme.. Then few seconds later the faces chances to the actual color theme that I selected in the phone.. It gets odd.. Please fix the glitch so I can enjoy my premium  colors that I paid for...Problem fixed..  Check your settings and un check the battery savings mode.. 5 stars from me beautiful apps,  Great developer support..
This is everything I have wanted in a watch face. Dial, date, battery indicator, and digital time. Only issue is app will only display military time even with standard time setting selected.
I wanted a simple a watch face with the time, date and battery meter visible when cards were displayed. This watch face provides these features in style. It would be helpful to have the date in a little larger font. I think this could be achieved while maintaining balance with the battery meter. Great work overall.
Works, but app on phone keeps indicating it died suddenly.
It's simple but the layout is not for me.
The "round: still has edges on it;  looks like they simply blacked portions of the 'normal' mode.  The face does not fit the watch face, the text is poor quality and hard to read.  Not worth anything.
Looks great but settings for round don't seem to work which makes it less useful for 360 users. 5 stars when that's fixed.
The round themes do not fill the screen, leaving a black square border on left, top and right sides... 5* when fixed. Can't wait
Looks alright but make the words at the bottom of the fact removable or customisable. It would also be better without the white battery icon in the left corner.
FINALLY a watch face that is pleasing to the eye AND puts all the info where it needs to be. Even with cards on the screen, I know the date, time of day and battery status. Nicely done!
Displays square face
Works well, but ended up switching to a different watch face.  What I found most appealing was that the tic marks took into account the light sensor placement on the Moto360, & the added battery indicator.  It will likely sound nitpicky, but here is what would have kept me using this watch face: 1.) Smoother second hand animation. 2.) Option to remove 'Leather Watch' branding from the face. 3.) Text were a bit more bold/crisp on the Moto 360 display.
These are some great watch faces. However why should I be forced to look at the app in the app drawer. I understand you want to have the paid colors. Great. Find a better way besides cluttering the app drawer.
I agree with other comments..  It does look good on G watch R however,  it'd be great to just remove the words leather watch and/or an option on how to display the date.  That'd make it 5 stars
Round doesn't work
Can't get it 2 work. ...
Crashes my watch.
I liked a lot about this face but Im not a fan of the 24hour format
Perfect for moto 360
Look great on moto 360
This is a great watchface once it actually gets going. You have to have heroic levels of patience because it takes forever to sync to your watch (on Huawei) I had to install a second time through my watch instead of my phone which seemed to do the trick. I really love the color options for the faces as well.
Would be a 5 if the temp displayed correctly. Currently shows it's 530 degrees.
Liked it on my moto 360 secind gen
Nice watch and why the weather not update after show in watch? When its update after last 3 hours cycle it wont update until I change face and back to this face and weather will update. My watch and phone always connected, and 20 minutes interval update in setting.
Face will not turn ambient.  just stays on forever and kills my watch battery super fast. I have to manually keep turning the screen off with my hand, if it wasn't for this this the app face would be phenomenal.
Had a problem with purchase but was resolved quickly.  Great watch face.  Will be my goto for sure!  This is one of my many I have purchased.  Wish ya had a buy 5 get 2 free.  Lol. Keep up good work!
I have this one and the v02 but neither are working on my second gen moto 360. It just shows the numbers but nothing else I love your product so please get back to me so I can get this fixed
I have so many of your watch faces. So many thanks. I couldn't get the purple \ violet theme. Prompt and helpful response from programmer.  Thanx! This watch face is fantastic. My new favourite over F01
Will not let me access settings. They are greyed out.
Worked great on 360 - doesn't work on the Huawei unfortunately
Excellent watch face. Looks elegant and with everything I need at a glance this is one of the most useful watch faces I've used. Superior work!
Fantastic watch face. Even on square watches.
It's definitely not elegant and has no ambient face usable for any of the good watches
I like the idea but the graphics are not very good for the hands etc.
The face crashes after one second
Really nice implementation of a general time watchface. Love the random feature.
Cards cover text (and date)
Best fuzzy watch face available.
The fuzzy language is better than I've experienced in other fuzzy watch faces, and the ability to switch colours and styles using the watch is nice (though the actual colour combinations available aren't really to my taste). If you like this style of reading the time, it's worth the money.
This watch face looks great on my urbane. The fact that this face is free makes it even better.                                    Edit: the ambient mode is difficult to read and with no option to disable it I'm changing my rating from 5 to 4 stars.
Ambient mode looks awesome but when the watch face is active it is way too cluttered. Would give 5 stars if there was a way to customize it especially since the temperature is always off by at least 20 degrees. Would also like to remove the numbers or at least make them smaller.
I love this watch face! But do agree with others that the temperature indicator is incorrect. It should just be removed. I have a Nexus 6P, Android 7, and a Moto 360 1st Gen. I highly recommend it.
But if the weather is wrong, it may as well not be there. App hasn't been updated on some time, so probably abandoned.
Nice watchface on my Moto 360. I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because the weather does not report correctly on my Moto 360. Like someone else mentioned, the weather is off by about 20 degrees Farenheit.
This is a solid, basic watch face that displays all the information I would quickly want to access, however the weather display is either inaccurate or just plain incorrect, and the ambient/always-on mode is a bit TOO minimal for my tastes.
... But the ambient mode is a little TOO stripped down, and it really is a shame :(
It looks beautiful. 1 problem though, the temperature doesn't show; does anyone know the solution for this?
What is the black counter at 3 o clock position. Show nothing do nothing. Useless blank counter. Moto 360.
Great face, with new phone and Android watch the two had to be connected because I was prompted on the watch to install this watch face.  Which is different than the way it used to work.  Thank you for such a great watch face!
Beautiful watch face but the weather in wrong.
Temperatures meter not working. Otherwise it's nice watch face.
Temperature is incorrect. Please fix.
very nice. Is it possible to change the temperature to Step? it will be perfect
Can I get it on A9 watch?
And free!


harika
Beautiful
I can't believe this watch face is free. It's elegant
Love it, but the weather does not seem to update...
Great looking watch but I mainly use ambient mode for any watch face. This ambient mode only has the arms, nothing else.
Poor performance
Thank you.
UPDATE. There has been an update and this now works perfectly! Thanks for fixing it!                                                 I downloaded this app because I thought it would be a great addition to my other watch faces that I change daily with my outfits. Even though it states it compatible with a Moto 360 it is not the app shifts the picture to the bottom of the screen. This makes it so you can't see the whole screen/face very disappointed!
Very mis-aligned with the moto 360.
Really cool
I love this watch face. My only complaint is that it will say for example two f****** five instead of two f****** o five. It also has the same issue with three o' clock for example where it will have a blank minutes field thus not making sense. Despite this, it has stayed my watch face for a very long time (except when around children or at formal events) and will continue to.
Works great.  Always gets a laugh when people ask me for the time or to see my watch.  Speaking of which, all you people saying it doesn't work on  your Gear S2, this is an android wear watchface.  It says so in the description.  Your watches run Tizen OS, not android wear.
Don't know why it is not working on my watch. Need this badly. Model:Smart watch U9. Help me!
I have a Samsung GALAXY S7 and the Samsung Gear S2. All it says is check your watch face. But I've checked it and all my settings. And it's not coming up on my watch face. Any help?
I want it on my galaxy s6 and gear 2. Its not working any help??
Works perfectly on my LG Urbane with Galaxy S7. Would be great if the words can be edited; other sayings, etc.  getting lots of attention and laughs.
Please, please, make it available for the Gear 2!!! Thanks!
The blue circle is bigger than the screen.
It's not working on my gear s2
so ridiculous i love it
I have zenwatch 2
Love it! Totally mad 👏👍!
Pow!
Not working
Funny
You're amazing
What kind of watch do you have for this to work? Give me examples please
Best watchface ever
I feel compelled to write a review of this app. It is absolutely beautiful. I am mad about watches and this app alone is making me want to update my smartwatch. I love this type of display and there are so many good ones to choose from I just can't choose which I like best. Absolutely great craftsmanship here!
Absolutely Fantastic!! Crisp. Clean & Brilliant Lum. Beautifully done! A tap action to show/hide digital time would be great. Thank you! 😎⌚👍
Clean and beautiful. Thanks.
Best of the photo watch faces that I have found. The time can be moved, resized and color/transparency adjusted to best display your photo and remain useful. I'm using it with an Asus ZenWatch and displaying Halloween wallpapers downloaded from Zedge for the month of October.
Doesn't work  Choosing a picture doesn't change it on the watch (Huawei Watch)
Lovely app. Works well with my MOTO 360 2nd gen watch. I will give you a 5 STAR
How to open it? The screen only show uninstall
When I chose the photo for the watch face, it just presented with a black screen. Running Android 7.1. Huawei Watch.
Will not uninstall from my zen watch....
A nicely designed watch face. Only missing the ability to change the date format.
Party pooper
Nice faces. Clean and elegant and creative
Gud
Nice collection
Nice
Good
Nice
Love the faces
Great app
Good
Quite good selection, but would like to see some more space & tech themes
Watch faces are nice, but the date needs to be bigger
I like it.*****
Meh
Just fantastic
Like
Great...
Good
good
Bought this and found out I couldnt use it with the Samsung Gear 2.
Decent watch faces, obtrusive advertising. Would avoid.
Pretty solid app
Looks like they get around reporting in app purchases by redirecting back to play store for each purchase. The installation is nothing more than a menu interface to choose faces on the store. Don't waste your time on this if you want free faces.
Love the samples, but need dual clock to be added, there's none in the play store it's lacking this feature. My spouse lives in Asia and it'd be great to have a dual clock on my Huawei watch face. Thanks Raj
Downloaded and deleted within minutes only6 free faces all very basic, paid ones don't look much better avoid this app.
I have to give them a 2 thumbs-up. They have some odd designs and some very cool ones to tailor to everybody's taste. Their customer service skills are very good.
I judged it to fast and didn't realize the watch faces were In the android app manager thing, but quick replyb from the devs, thanks and Keep doing a good job
Just an advertising vehicle for paid watchfaces, most of them pretty poor. Uninstalled within 3 minutes.
Needs full color ambient - black and white is boring on huawei watch
Why haven't you added the samsung gear s2 yet?

Not sure I can't get any of the faces to work on my motto 360
This is a waste of time!!! It won't eaven load no matter which face I pick!! It just shows up on my phone and not the watch???!!!!!
A sweeeet watch face app!
I can change the face to match my outfits. 😂
Don't waste your time. Mr. Time is way better able less of free watch faces.
Does what it says, have had no issues thus far. Good Job!!!
The selection of free watches was minimal in comparison to other apps.
Just the same as Watch Master 😕

Meh.  Too much advertisement.
I Just opened it and it doesn't do anything fine then just make everything less fun
Opens to a blank screen.
Would be better if you could change the colour
Low quality childish looking watch faces
Beautiful! LG G watch.
Cant find it anywhere on my phone. Useless
Smooth not overdonr
Take back all l said a about this watchface. It's stopped counting steps yet again. Have uninstalled, reinstalled,  still no joy. Giving up on it!
Awesome, so beautiful on my Moto 360, love it
... I also keep getting "unfortunately. ...has stopped" even while writing this review!  I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but still the same. I have a galaxy note 4. Please fix.
Great layout with all the info I need at a glance - clean and sharp. I am using the green/red color scheme. The ambient screen dims and the only thing to disappear of the sweep second hand. Battery life does not appear to be affected but have not had app long. I will update if any significant findings. The problem I have with the analog watch faces, in general, is the hands cover the info at certain times. Suggest make mini distinctive hour and minute hands at the outer edge so as not to cover any info.Thx!
Really like the color, very sharp.
Add step hide option
Only allows me to reconfigure my watchface theme (colors etc...) when it feels like allowing me access.   Don't waste your time or patience.
Not perfectly centered on moto 360 since the last update.
Works find on mine
Bumblebee!!!
I've had my eye in this face waiting for square watch support. Thanks for adding it!
Waste of my time! No note to say that this is only for round watches of a certain size. Tried it on my lg g and it crops the image / looks rubbish. Given that the vast majority of watchface work across all types of Android Wear watches,  this should also. Or at least be free / note that it does not work for square faces.
I get complimented on these watch faces all the time! I love love love them. There are so many, and some of them are just so cute I could keep them for months at a time. I love that we can change them or it can mix things up for us. The only thing I'd like to see added is a date option, but that's no biggie. Still 10/10
There is no option to change faces on my fossil q founder. So I am always stuck with the one face that came up randomly. Please fix !! Otherwise the other faces seem to look nice
Really like the face but it never changes on its own. When it went from normal to a Christmas theme I had to change the face to a different face then change it back to this one for it to change the theme..maybe I'm just doing something wrong.
I love these images and I really want to try them. But for some reason I'm stuck with only one.. I have the Fossil Q Founder. Please fix!
I love these watch faces. I would pay for this if it had a date option though. That's the missing feature keeping me from using one of these faces every day. Love the designs.
Date and time option would be nice. Also having the setting to change the wallpaper on my watch without going to my phone would be great.
Great look but please allow us to change the font of the digital clock. Otherwise very good looking on my founder q
Great looking watch faces. The only thing I would like to see added is the date.
I love the different designs. My only complaint really is I'd like to have the date along with the time on the face.
I have my faces synced to change with the calendar, but the dates are a few days off. It says it's currently Easter Day, but it's only the Wednesday before Easter. This happened with other notable days as well.
I LOVE these watch faces!  I found great interchangeable leather bands for my Moto 360 ladies watch and update the face to match the band and what I'm wearing to work the next day.
Lovely looking watch faces but I think you may need to update your calendar - I got up today for the first day at work AFTER carnival to find 'Carnival' splashed on the watch face
Nice, Should have a date and day option to add or remove :(
The watch faces in this app are really great! If there were an option to include the date along with the time, it would be my favorite one on the play store.
There is no option to change the watch faces on my moto 360 :( very sad about that I saw some cool faces.
I love all the designs and different watch faces. Easy to change with different outfits I'm wearing or what mood I feel for the day. Only suggestion would be to add the date to the watch face.
I love the background choices, but I can't figure out how to get the 24 hr clock. I saw a image on the preview with it, now how can I get it?
Doesn't look quite as nice as it would seem.
I really  think  the  are Great. Best wishes  From  Bonnie  Scotland. Calum Wilson Foulds
Awesome but need update for Android Wear 2.0
I loooove the designs they have, but I can't not have a date on my watchface
Fossil Q wander Watch face doesn't change .
Love all the designs. All of them looks like so beautiful!
It sets my mood on my watch
Needs date, watch and phone battery
Happy watch faces for happy people. Goes nicely with my suit.
Really wished it had the date. Other than that beautiful faces.
Nice and didn't sap my battery
Great variety and all unique!
I love it! it's beautiful!
Awesome.
Nice
Got my gear live connected to my s6 edge. It dont work
Basically one watchface with a bunch of different backgrounds. They look nice, but I'd really like an option to display the date and/or weather.
Smooth movement, lovely interface using a digital appearance and art to convey time in the presence of art
I like the sophisticated look of all the faces, but I wish it had a 12hr format!
There's not an option for 12 hour am/pm rubbishness..
Would be 5 stars, but only has option for 24hr. Please make a 12hr setting
so pretty!
Great Backgrounds
Weather doesn't work
I like this face.
And again a Copycat by Thalia :-( Title and texts are "borrowed" from other, successful watchface "minimal and elegant", a well designed and stuffed with tons of possibilities original. Make your decision. Will you get an original, with updates nearly every week, or will you just install a poor copy of it with less functionality?
Nope

This app works perfectly for me on my OPPO R9plus. It saves me having to go to settings to tether my laptop each day. Really good app. Thanks!
It doesn't work to enable tethering on my original Pixel (running Android 8.0) and my Fossil Q Explorist (running Android Wear 2.5).
Please don't make a app that will show Wi-Fi but not let any one connection to it dumb aszzzzzzzzzz
Dosen't work with Note  4
Does not work on Huawei Watch running Android Wear 2.0
Perfect app for the small userbase that might need this. Thank you for the dev work to make this happen.
Does what it says! Can you meld materia to it also please. LF Goldsmith ;)
Why does it need all those permissions its not a interactive face and why when its not even the watchface in using does it use up battery on my phone uninstalled and will report
Not even close to the detail in the pic
A great looking watch face which is let down by a plain ambient mode. It would be better if the ticks and numbers were shown there.
Great clean look with a classic design yet modern touch. Just the pieces of data that I want quick access to. Best of all, battery life is amazing. Even with always on enabled and brightness of 3, the battery is only at 73% even after 10+ hours of normal use!
Not a bad looking watch face by any means, but if you're going to charge for the app then there needs to be customization options available.
After installation...why not listed on my adroid wear apps?...I can not install it...what should I do?. I have Huawei Watch with Samsung S7 edge....pls reply asap...thx
Nice graphics, but I need a square version for my Watch.
Only option is to Install Settings.
Another great watch face from North tribe.
I bought it but had to ask for a refund. It was not showing up on my phone or Moto 360 watch. If this problem gets fixed I will reinstall it. Not happy though.
Loaded twice and cant find it anywhere
Would like to be able to lengthen the time the watch remains in bright mode. 5 seconds is just too short. Other than that, the watch is near perfect. Add this suggestion and I'll up it to 5-stars! 10/14/16 Update: A year later and we still can't adjust the amount of time the face remains bright. Reducing rating to 3-stars.
This is my current favorite watchface by Zuhanden. Of course all of his watchfaces are amazing. I started with Ranger but I have switched to Speeds because I find it even clearer and easier to read. I also like the date indicator. The only thing I don't like is that it's a bit less customizable.
One pays for what one gets with this watch app - undeniably the best-of-breed. Efficient, functional & Informative SPEEDS cleverly packages most of a smart watch's classical information display into an attractive package while not getting an overcrowded look. Though some (unnecessary) elemental color/shape variables are lacking, the watch's SETTINGS are simple to activate, comprehensive and a pleasure to use.  KUDOS to ZUHANDEN.
UPDATED 12/5/16: 1 Star because it won't stop asking me to rate it continuously the past year or two even though I have already. Please Stop!Orignal: Great watch and use it as my daily face setting for my 360. Had to take 2 stars off as it was completely relentless in asking for a rating. Seemed like every hour since install it kept asking me to rate it. Not an attractive feature when I   keep looking at my watch notifications and it's always taking up the screen asking me to rate it. Dial it down please...
Would like more hand options, current hands are quite thick and at certain times block widgets. Also center circle that "connects" hands disappears in ambient mode. A white center circle in ambient mode would be great.
This watch face does everything I want except allow customization of the self-branding that says 'Speeds' and 'Smart Watch Face Company' which unnecessarily clutters the display. I have the pro version and it would be great to remove or customize this text.
Live that I can display different things, I do weather, date and battery life.  Only problem is that the notifications make it hard to tell the time.  Digital faces don't have that problem but also don't look as good.
Really good watch face some issues I love the look of this watch works great does use a lot of battery. And is using a lot of processing power sometimes watch face is very slow and glitches. Really annoying always asking to rate even after I already did
My car speedometer broke so I use this to check my speed while driving. The watchface MPH doesn't seem to work correctly, but the app works very well.
Everytime watch looses battery and reboots, this watch face resets. Why doesn't it maintain the settings?              When it works, its great. But for each reboot, I have to reconfigure the watch face.
Use this face all the time.  Edit, while I still love the app I REALLY hate the constant messages I get asking me if I like the watchface. I reviewed it favourably when I installed it on my old phone. Since installing it on the new phone I get asked at least once a day if I like it. Well that's cost you four stars as I hate being pestered. If it continues I'll delete the app and find another. Please dont spoil a great app by pestering the users.
Very annoying I'm constantly being harassed to rate this watch face. It's great watch face but being forced to rate it, is ridiculous.
I like the different features you can have showing. Only thing is I wish the hands could get a little thinner. Besides that it's a good buy!
Looks wonderful, but since my LG G watch does not have an integrated GPS, I was hoping that the watch would default to the GPS on my phone as the data source.  Is this possible in a future version?  EDIT: Why then is it always only displaying '6' under speed? Even when I'm sitting in my chair...  UPDATE: Why does this watch face insist on asking me every couple days if I like it? Haven't I said no enough? Dropping to 3 stars until they turn off the spammy behavior
If you hadn't kept bugging me I would have rated it highly but you just can't let go...
I like the software but please stop harassing me to rate it please. I already switched to paid version. I think that should say enough.
Highly annoying notification asking me to rate it. Get ride of that  pointless prompt and I'll go five stars.
One of the best looking imo. Would be 5 star of we had the option to change ambient light as it's still pretty bright right now. It also seems to record it's own 'steps' rather than syncing with the watch's step counter.
Awesome. Think there's a big tho because it keeps asking if I like the watch face and keeps pestering for a review
Wish I could show my device battery phone battery AND the date all at once. Sorry to be picky. I do love the watch.
Looks great, weather isn't accurate most of the time, but that's not a deal breaker in my eyes.
I don't want to be constantly asked how I like this watch face especially after I already rated it.  How about 1 notification and that's it!!!! I did give this a 5* but I'm taking a * off every time I get this notification.
Paid for the app, but constantly begging for a rating? Here you go, then.
Aside from the fact that this watch face is difficult to read when the screen is dim, I'm really bothered that it keeps nagging me to review it, especially considering that it wasn't free.
Great looking watch face. Not sure how the speedometer works (maybe your watch needs GSP?), and don't like the way notifications look in low power mode. Otherwise this has become my default watch face.
Needs a speed dial for cycling. 0 to 40? Better resolution. A speedometer for a car or high-speed vehicle is redundant
The look is clean and classic, however the weather information is off by a good 10 degrees. Please add in the option to select a different weather provider as you have in the "Odyssey" watch face, or update the current one to be more accurate.
Please add more color options in settings. There are just a few colors and not enough for personalization.
I love this clear and legible watch face, which is very good looking. I would love it if there were more hour numbers, such as 3, 6, 9 in order to facilitate reading of the hours hand.
Great work buddy. Just a suggestion, for the speeds app, it would be great if it could log the fastest and average speed, along with the real time speed. ;) other than that, good job!
The watch face is stylish, but would benefit from a few more options to personalise like being to set the display time between 5 and 20 seconds.
This face looks far more professional and realistic than any other face I've seen. I like the display options very much, and recommend it to anyone.
It simply looks wonderful! Definitely my favourite watch face  though it would be nice if there was even more customisation options.
Very good design. Would like to be able to remove the speeds branding as it just adds clutter.
I love the way this looks.  I wish it had all the customization options the Ranger face has, which I also bought.  Would like to be able to set brightness of ambient mode, like I can with Ranger.
Great watchface, but only giving 4 star as speed/temp remains hidden by notifications,especially when navigating. Swap this with your logo on top for a superior watch.
Very stylish.  Only issue is that the battery reading does not always tally up with the watch's reading.
Nice Face, good settings interface, fitness & weather interface, though there should be access the top quadrant & customization options.
Yeah, weather addon showing 22C and it's like 33C atleast it was right about being clear... Rest seems good for now
A very simple and attractive design. I appreciate the weather.  Good battery life.
This app destroys the battery life. Normal life is 2 days, I'm now getting 7 to 8 hours. Too bad really. I like the bitcoin feature. No one else has it that I can find. BTW, I use it on my Zen watch
****---DO NOT BUY THIS APP---**** Decided to ignore negative reviews and buy the app because I really wanted a BTC ticker on my wrist.. Regret.  Tried sending the dev a nicely worded email before negative rating only to find that there is no way to contact him. The email address he lists on his apps does not exist and his facebook page redirects to his Play Store apps page.  This app does 1 thing right, it brings a BTC ticker to android wear. There are very barebones minimum customization options, you as a user do not know and can not set the price refresh frequency or what exchange is used (I understand that this would be difficult to implement user settings for; at least let us know what they are if we can't change them...)  App is near unusable on H-Watch due to formatting issues.
I don't have option to change to this watch face on my LG g watch...  Guess I'll have to check bitcoin  price the traditional way.  Can I get  refund?
I simply like it
Only thing missing is an option for large peek cards, and the time being at the bottom instead of the top means even if you use small peek cards the time is getting covered up. But this coolly napping polar bear is just the ticket while waiting for these hellish summer days to end.
Such a cute watchface. Good on battery life. Would be nice to have a option to change the date to month/day instead of day/month.
Great watch faces
Fun watch face
I currently own 3 Thema watch faces. Where do I even begin? The design and animation alone, is beyond impressive (in my opinion). I typically don't like to pay for watch faces, but if my contribution allows for future thema faces to be created, I will certainly be coming back for more.
please keep update it , I love it!
--Pre Android Wear 2-- The watch face design is excellent & movement can be set to fast, slow or no movement. The inactive mode also works nicely to save power with colour & non colour mode that looks crap. The watch face does have some issues where shortcuts crash the watch face & colour selection from the watch face does not work with all colours but does work from the app & has more colours. I hope they keep working on the watch face as it has potential with its configurable design making it good value for money.  --Post Android Wear 2-- Don't use this watch face from Android  Wear 2. This watch face crashed the watch so badly that it could not be closed or restarted after it froze on a blank screen when I tried to change color from the LG Urbane.
Absolutely stunning, perfect if you love tech or sci-fi.
Nice but can you get rid of those glowing cotton ball things and maybe allow a secondary color change option. Also maybe apply a glow around the time and vector
It needs the option to turn off the cotton balls.
Great face looks so sleek and futuristic I use blue or red The weather is a little off :/...
Awesome futuristic look, nothing else to it. I wish I could change colors separately but I can only choose the main color. Worth the price though. Does anyone know the name of the font where it sais, "VECTOR"?
best watcface ever... recomended
Great looking and really nice functions.
Good looking and nice features
Love it
I love being able to look down and see futuristic spinning lines. The ability to monitor my phone and watch battery are a huge plus alongside being able to launch a specified app. HOWEVER, I have encountered one issue with ambient mode that I hope can be resolved. If a notification comes in, the date blends in making it near impossible to read the date or notification. Having the option to remove the date or put the it at the forefront in a box while notifications are displayed would be helpful.
I used the Driver face and love it. I bought this but sadly the app to change the functions (or from Celsius to Fahrenheit) won't appear on my phone. Same for the others too. Only driver let's me
Update : per your suggestion the step counter is working but I some another  problems. The temperature shows a different temperature on the watch face then when I press it. It's like it's pulling from two different locations. Where it shows 90 degrees on the watch and then it shows the correct temperature 56 degrees.  I also had some strange problems with the wear battery level indicator depending on displayed watchface position.
The weather part of your watch face does not work I tried downloading mini weather app and I did not find this out within the first 15 minutes so can I please get a refund I will uninstall I did that still doesn't work
the numbers are too small
I love all your watch faces.  Best looking and best customization out there! But the one thing is the ability to make an app shortcut on the  clock whether it's invisible or an icon, I would  love all your watch faces to  be like venom.  VENOM IS THE BEST! PLEASE  COPY THAT MODEL WITH THE WIDGETS OR APP SHORTCUTS!
If I select Step count card it shows - Unfortunately, Vector GUI has stoped.
Looks better with darker colors. Very movie-like GUI
Great watch face.
One of my favourites.
Love this dev and his watch-faces, but I think the Running watchface is his best one yet, since it shows both watch and phone battery levels by default AND has options for 3 more indicators.
Possibly my current favourite when I'm in a digital mood. Love the colour options and ambient colour mode (although an OLED-friendly coloured outline ambient would be awesome). Best comment I've gotten - "What's going on with your watch? It looks like you're teleporting somewhere"
You have to sysnc the app in the android wear app to enable animation.  Otherwise very customizable and over all looks great
Very nice watch face. Battery usage is very good, uses less than 50% per day. Changing colors is very easy, as well as the widgets. I'd prefer that the widgets be just a little easier to read.
In full mode it works 30% of the time. Color is washed the other 70%. I also note full ambient mode only works right while charging. Gear live
Seems like a good face, yet all watches aren't round.
Great watch face, keep up the good work
Very very nice watch face thnx :)
I can dig it
Nice design
Great face
It says not connected to the internet but my watch and phone both are connected to our home Wi-Fi. Bluetooth also doesn't help. EDIT: thanks for the swift update, it works! Needed to start up the app on the phone. Btw will the weather work on Wi-Fi or only via Bluetooth?
When i was a child, THIS is how I thought modern watches would look, thank you Theme for making my childhood fantasies a reality.
After using a lot of different faces this one is still my favorite
Love it, worth all 99 pennies.
Allow to add/open any application installed in wear (i.e. wear messenger) from the widgets like the mini wear watchface does.
One of the Best faces in my line up
Highly customisable!
OK
The watch face looks amazing! Colors are great! but CAN YOU PLEEEEEEASE add a grey ambient mode?! Or like a grey/gold ambient mode? That would make it even better! I beg you to consider it!
If only someone could help me apply it on my samsunge galexy s6 please
I installed this and immediately loved it. It is a beautiful face with easy to read information.  It also appears to be pretty battery friendly which is not always the case on dynamic faces.
Nice looking watch face. Installed easily to Android wear.
¡!!!!!!!!!!!
Really looks good on the Moto 360. Installs effortlessly. These guys do great work!
Awesome interactive customization. Helps me change settings on the go .
No always on screen support??
I don't know how to use it
Very nice but showing date would be great
Resolution is the worst.
When I downloaded it I expected Google fit on wear should be enough to get the egg to hatch,but apparently you need it on your phone to hatch and all that other cool stuff. Can you make it so it can track the steps from your watch? Other than that little issue so far I'm liking it.
It installed on my smartwatch and I can't get rid of this trash even when I removed app from phone. I will need to reset my watch and curse developer!
Its so stupid u have to make a play games account ore wherever its called
Pretty good but the game needs some work
It's a good idea, I like the idea of it being usable on my smart watch as well, but the step counter does not work.
Responsive dev, good game.
Awesome!
Cybercritters has evolved a lot since its time in beta and its Kickstarter. Nick has delivered a solid virtual pet experience across Android phones, Android Wear and Android TV.
nice
But it needs AM/PM.
Nice
My only gripe is that I can't change the time to 12hr time or see the notification peek. The time change animation is really cool though!
To bad not work in my Samsung and sorry thank you
The app is nice. but the digital time is not working. when the side button is pressed it just turns off the screen.
Fantastic Watch face. I really like it.
Look I thought this was a cool application so I downloaded it but as soon as I got it down loaded it went into my smart watch and froze it so I can't even use it anymore.
Thanks again
Nice face for the season. Wish it was interactive. Tap an android or the couple and something happens, maybe a turkey appears between them.
When Android themselves can not create a good watch face. Numbers way too small in standby mode.
Wish the time was bigger in low power mode
Not compatible with Fossil Q?
Good
Nice watchface thank you, but I would like a Native American version that would be really awesome thanks for your time (I'm Native American)
We like it.
The icons show but no rings for either watch or phone battery. On a Moto 360. UPDATE:Your update fixed my issue. Awesome. Hoping to see some options like maybe percentage numbers instead of watch and phone icons. Love the effects.
Looks cool but both my battery meter showed less than 10%...pls fix it...latest update fixed the battery meters but now, the face is misaligned on my lg g watch?!
Lovely animation, however the bottom right portion of my watch goes glitchy when this face is selected.
Just got a moto360 2nd Gen, and it glitches and flashes when I try to use this face. Please update!
This is my favorite theme by far. Great animation and never tiresome. I would love to be able to customize the background or the colors.
I would love this if it worked on moto 360 2. The meters glitch when the screen is on. Fix and I will give 5 stars
The battery level circles seem to be zoomed to far in for my Polar M600 so I get somewhere between a third to half of the left side showing. The time adapter position correctly. Also the background seemed to bright on my watch too.
No settings to adjust and the watch face isn't even centered on my watch. It's going off the screen on the right side.
This watchface is broken on the lg g watch. The watchface goes off of the screen
Battery indicators are off to the left side on the huawei w1.
The watch face is raggedy..
Moto 360 v2
Glitches on moto360 2nd gen
Watch face is off center on LG G Watch. Looks nice though!
Looks great just hope that the animations will be smoother in moto360
Flickers and flashes
Some glitter on my moto 360 sport  Hope to see update :)
2 Thumb's UP ☺
Major glitch
Like it a lot... No issues, great animations.
Doesn't work well with Moto 360 2nd Gen, 42mm.
Doesn't line up properly on the Huawei Watch
Worked well with my 360...Now I have the Urbane 2nd and it's neon lines are wayyyyyyy off
Love cant say everything
I really wish it made sounds
No ambient and lack of customisation

A good  aap
◉ Ver さらりと 評価結果

Sanjay vermaji
Good application
Doesn't work gives you the option to download

Wonderful
Super show,and relaxible for eye vision

Achhi garj hai
POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's, POP UP's,
Lots of customization choices and nice images, but needs an option to disable the animations. Ads are massively intrusive.
This is a great concept, however it sucks the life out of my battery.  Lost 15% battery life in 15 mins.  Please fix this as I payed for the app and would like to use it.  Also, I keep getting a notification to sync watch face to Android wear, but it already is...and this is the only face that does this.  When both these issues are fixed, I'd be glad to change my rating to 5 stars.
Very simple watchface, that tells the time as it should be. Quick and easy to read.
Nice looking but drained my battery super fast. Had to switch back to my previous watch face.
loved it
The screen off version of this watch face is just perfect. Super clean but still cute.
It would not fill the full circle of my moto 360 v2 watch, was very nice and would heep it if it would, looked oblong in shape, installed and reinstalled three times always the same
Like the designs, really love the  transition from one theme to another; not only is it easy, the effect is very very cool. My only suggestion, or request, would be a little more color control.
12 hour mode doesn't work at noon. It shows 0:30 instead of 12:30 PM
For those of us without amoled displayed, any chance you could re-add the option for the full watch face in ambient mode?
Basic but works and looks great on my round faced watch; however, on my square faced watch, it looks offset and the first and last digits are smaller. It wasn't like that before but a couple months ago it changed and hasn't been fixed, yet.
One of the nicest nixie tube faces out there.
Only displays 24 hour format. Ambient mode not an option. No seconds.
Cool
Followed instructions waited multiple minutes.  Closed and restarted everything and nothing showed up.  Probably a scam.
Although the face looks good, there's no fluctuations in the light or flashing dots, it's basically just an image, disappointing for the price you pay
For those with LCD watches, we can run full color ambient without burn in or battery issues
My default face on my Tag Heuer Connected 45!
This watch face is awesome!! Great job! Classy.
I've been looking for a Japanese watch face and this works well. Would it be possible to use both 号 and 日 as the counter for days on the calendar? That way it will work in both languages. (Battery would be 電池.) Thanks for the update!
請用繁體
Looks awesome and works as advertised. Been looking for a while for a Kanji watch face that looks good. Thank you.
The watch face should make the Chinese white and the face black when it moves to the dimmed display I have the watch urbane.
Yet another great watch face! This developer's generosity and creativity is beautiful. Some of the watch faces he creates are free and all are worthy of some sort of fee.
For men & women
Doesn't work & no refund.. Robbery..
Love the look of this face but the weather never updated for me :(
Bought this and playstore malfunctioned. Says i bought 3 times. Emailed you and says mailbox disabled. Wow. I need refund for 2 of the 3 please.
Won't show on watch or phone.
Yes
Using this watch face without upgrading causes ads to pop up on your phone. The watch face isnt even good enough to warrant paying for it

Love the watch face, nice and, minimalistic with plenty of customization. There are a few bugs where after looking at a notificationl it doesn't display the correct time and mode for passive mode, this is fixed by going into active mode and letting it transition back into passive mode, hope they will iron that out though. Also, wish I could remove the spin transition hand and just have the second hand fade in in active mode. Favorite watch face thus far though.
Update: never got that update as of 4/16... I really like it, though. There's a decent set of options in regards to color. The transition animation is very smooth and looks great. However, the ambient mode watch face is pretty lame compared to the active mode. Please add some additional options.
I like the way the watch face looks with the cool animations, and all the different options as well. What it really needs is an option for hours markers though, because in its current state it is hard to actually tell the time, which kinda defeats the purpose of a watch
haven't kept a non-stock watch face on my watch for this long since i purchased it six months ago.  minimal, material, and perfect.
This should be included by default on every watch and the developer could get a royalty for it. Also the first face that has customizations right through the watch itself instead of through the phone app. Great work and beautiful!
Awesome  watch face. will definitely give 5 stars when there's  an option to show the time in number form an this will be one of my permanent watch faces. Please add the digital time feature, pleeease devs!!!!
I'd like to see the option for the minimal amount of card when I look at the watch. The card just covers most of the face when you wake the watch.
Great Job. Wish I could rate 6 stars. Adding the transition was awesome, thank you.
Killing battery. Sw3
Please just add numbers as an option and its golden :)
very nice animations and options :D really great watchface :D
Can you add digital display pls
Thank you for this awesome face, great work!
Fantastic face, sweet features, and very responsive developer.
Ohhhhh so it only shows animation when its set up in ambient mode? Because lately I've been using my Moto 360 without ambient mode to get more battery. So I was wondering why it wouldn't work when the screen turned on.
This looks nice and has a good material feel, but I haven't seen the transition effect once... Edit: found out the transition is only for ambient mode. This should be in the description.
I buy every watch face from you man, my favorite watch face developer.  You're glitch animation is the king.
It's beautiful! Exactly what I've been looking for. You think though things like colour selection and fine tuning of settings could be handled on the phone? Kinda tough selecting colours on such a small screen. :)
I love the animation.  This is the first watchface I bought.  Suggestion:  On the ambient mode, can you add the option where we can turn off the time?  It would be perfect if it's all black (dark) and i'll watch the boot animation before I find out the time.
Love your work--&gt;please consider digital hybrid (with hour & minute hands) and maybe adding numbers to watch face (not all just maybe 12,3,6 & 9) that could be in circles or balls (that would correspond to ur opening boot sequence and matching GooGle's Material Design)
Please let me make changes via the android wear app and alter the ambient mode settings. I would love the two screens to match. LG G Watch.
Love the 60 fps and the glitch effect, 2 random add-on features that I really like!
Best watch face ever.... Im so amazed... Thank u dev :)
This one is very smooth, and has a modern (dare I say "material"?) design.  Nicely done!
I will reinstall this once you can put numbers
Just enough info without clutteing the screen. Works perfect on Nixon mission. Only thing is I have no idea what the percentage number is below the weather
Just bought it. Looks great, but on Android Wear app on phone it says ERROR & keeps crashing. On the watch, I can't get the weather icon or updates on screen, so all I have it's the steps widget. Some other tech probs too, such as not all colour changes take place or even add the widget. Not really happy. Only this watch face from this Dev is problematic. Please fix these probs devs. (LG Urban 1st Gen with OS 2.0)
And it works fine. I would give five stars if there was an option to display the date though.
Piece of cr@p, full of ads and junk. Not worth it.
Not working
Rubbish, just another marketing app with no substance. Never appeared on watch. Avoid this marketing ploy. Missed opportunity, could have been a good addition to my watch.
I couldn't get it sync with my watch.  There's an ad between every switch of the screen.  Annoying and a waste of time to download.  I uninstalled it in less than 10 minutes.
Just like other stated..  does not sync, just takes you to another download of a game or junk app. Not found in Android app either. Tried on LG Urbane
Junk, when ever I try to sync it tries to get me to download another app
Waste each I was trying to sync it was giving ads to download another apps
Garbage ad. No watch faces work.
Can't sync with me watch. Just adds other apps to download
Installed perfectly well on my Huawei watch. This app certainly adds value to your timepiece.
Does not sync, just tries to install other apps!
Nice app ! Great work team . Request you to add more color option
Doesn't work and nothing but pop up ads.
Great app. Uses very little battery, one of my favourites
Blue. Can't change widget
Looks good on fossil q
Nice and unique watchface...
Spamware
Jerks
I AM GREATLY FASCINATES ON THIS NEON BLUE WATCH FACE CREATOR APPLICATION BE MASTER MANDATE ON MY GOOGLE PLAY ANDROID ACCOUNT CONNECTED TO BLU STUDIO 5.0C ANDROID DEVICE I LOVE THIS APPLICATION TO RECUR TO SENDING  OF THIS NEON BLUE WATCH FACE CREATOR TO ME TWICE EVERY YEAR. THE APPLICATION CAN BEGIN WITH MY REQUEST NOW  IN COMPLIANCE WITH YOUR PROGRAMED. I LOVE IT.
Annoying ads plus no option for a full ambient mode
Nothing synced and way to many ads
Would be 5 star if it were a neon green.
Cool Blue
I like the style of the watch
nice app Zz
I LUV the color BLUE 😎😀😇😇😇
OK
Mr
Trash
Luv it
Good
Goood
I have downloaded this watchface twice, and have yet to successfully have it appear in my watch face list or applications.
Where is it. Says downloaded but shows nowhere on phone nor Android wear
During dim light its not impressive
Đây là ứng dụng rất tuyệt vời cho đồng hồ. !!!!!!!!!!-----&gt; Tuy nhiên sẽ tốt hơn nếu thoát ứng dụng chỉ bằng một thao tác (không phải hỏi có hay không như hiện tại). Thanks tác giả.
The application seems to be good at first sight. But you do not have any countdown to make sure the picture is well taken, no real visibility when the hand is catched...
eek... what happened? it won't open... fix it for 5 stars... nice app tho
just don't
Very helpful for drivers
Very cool
Es una porquería!
Switcher
Drive cam
Perfect for me
Good one
Nice
Loved it
Very easy to use
But activates when I close my flip cover....disturbance....improve it...it have a great scope like cam me in ios
You havto be close to use it. On ipgone you can be 1-2 m away.  I dont like it at all...
Very slow. Poor quality of camera. You should be near the sensor because it can't detect far movements unlike the Cam Me app on iPhone.
Need to improve presentation video which represent the app instead all is good.
Booooo
Plz dont download its total waste of time
This app is rubbish, every button i pressed on my galaxy S5 it took a picture, i do not recommend it i uninstalled it straight away no messing, get it sorted so it works properly and i will rate you 5 stars.
Very bad. Not working at all.
Great App for taking pictures on the go. Just wave your hands in front of the phone, and it captures pictures instantaneously. Highly Recommended.
i'm searching this type app finnely i found it that time i feel luckey but after use it wasn't work properly. normal people how to use it it diffecult it...new ver. make better
Please add a widget to start/stop service in background
Love it
Suck
Mengarut,menjengkelkan,macam lahanat.  Tak boleh nak pakai sensor lambai kau yang bangang tu
Its not working.
New version photo seems in gallery after some time , still camera preview not available , changing 3 to 4 star.
An excellent app.. Really helped me in capturing police cops who are violating the traffic rules.. Great work!
I want to suggest users that pls do not install this soft. Only the wastage of data
Camera won't turn, not facing me. App is confusing and doesn't explain what to do.
Camera button is batter than this....
Really sucks.
Doesn't work well for me
how brilliant...
Thanks
Nice...
Nice
Good
I really like the design of this face, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because although it lets you customize it, your settings can not be saved. Additionally I wish there was an option to lock the screen to one color scheme instead of having to cycle through all the presets to get back to the one you want every time you happen to touch the screen.
Love it, it's brilliant! But... 12 hour mode?? Tencent based? You in Shenzhen?
Useless free version, and sleep face is absolutely horrible.
Not bad little watch face, not a fan of the outline & the faded face is still bright enough to chew through battery but it looks pretty enough & has plenty info
Change the name.   Galaxy glow that doesn't work on samsung watches...
bad design
Oooo
Good for me
Cool
This app does not talk to the watch and can connect to my play store
Need to explore
Not capable of indicating watch battery
This will not install on lg Urbana lte
Good watch face

good
Good
How can you ask for a proper review and rating before giving a chance to check out the app?  Gave it a generous 3 stars and should've been lower for being to eager, is that because the app isn't worth downloading so you want a quick and hopefully positive review before consumers get a chance to find out they've wasted their time and data downloading something that they will soon uninstall? Don't be so quick to want a positive review,  if you have a solid product you shouldn't be overly concerned about people leaving a review until they get a chance to see just good of a job you've done making it
Love the graphics some function like phone battery doesn't update?
Love the customizations. Works perfectly. Will be buying more from this company!
Great app...
I love this watch face
I paid for this face watch but is not unlocking premium.
Paid for the premium version and for some reason the analogue time the hour hand is stuck on 2 but he digital tells the correct time
Weather stop updating
The phone battery percentage is stuck at 94%. Other than that, I love it! Edit: rebooted my phone, and now it works.
should have more features
I was able to install it to my Samsung s7 edge but couldn't apply it to my gear s3. Why was it in the list of tizen compatible watch list? This is misleading.
Whenever I click for the watch to check the weather it never loads.

The premium version only works with Android 2.0. Paid for it and I can't use it. I wasn't aware of that until after I already paid.  Waste of money for the moment. Looks like it would be nice if I could use all the features.
Free version is just OK.
It's cool
Awesome watchface, this developer is a genius. Everything's customizable the way you want it. Great job!
Great app. My smart watch looks so much better. Thanks.
Awesome  app
No actualiza en línea el % de batería ni del teléfono ni del reloj. Debo abrirla y cerrarla para que funcione.  Utilizo otras que lo hacen muy bien.
Love the interaction and style of this face. Used its widget to set on my phone's home screen .... Great job !!!
Worth the price,  looks great on my LG Urbane, thumbs up!
Phone battery level is randomly incorrect. Doesn't seem to update
So far so good
I like the design!
Fab
nice idea, but cannot see the "hands" (legs) against the body, so cannot tell the time.
cracks me up every time!
Super silly!
Free smiles, what's not to like
After payment and reboots watch still asks for premium payment. This has been commented by others. Weather also always does location cannot be detected event if set manually. If i set secondary time zone only that gets displayed and can't find how you toggle between primary and secondary time zones. If i could if get refund but unable to via play store.
So far this is awesome. There are 2 small things annoying me: 1. If you've paid for Premium it should remove the "Obtain Premium Access" option from the menu on the watch completely. It must go away. 2. For some reason the weather widget on the watch won't show the temp, it just draws 2 dashes, even if I set the weather location manually and disable GPS. Other than that, outstanding app.
Good app, really like the look and features. Tried others before and some slowed down the watch but happy with this one. Only issue I had was the missed call widget got stuck on 2 missed calls and even after clearing them on phone it wouldn't go back to 0 so had to delete them from call history
This watch face is awesome. The only thing is wish I could change the background to a custom picture. Other then that it's perfect still 5 stars all day!
Amazing layout. I love the customization. Couldn't figure out how to fully customize some of the buttons using complication 2.0. Wrote the app developer an email and he responded the next day.
Does just what it says.  Custom widgets and shortcuts make the watch a lot better.  And the designer answered my question. In about FIVE MINUTES.  Can't beat that for service.
I went through the whole setup process on the app on my phone and I have Bluetooth Link up with the watch however I can't seem to install or find it on the watch so what good was paying for premium access?
Weather C is not working. None of the app on Top left, right & bottom is not working, not responding when tap. Too small icon u cant see - top left, right, bottom. Translate not working...etc clock face background not function when change, nothing working pay $15++
I'm definitely not a fan of making me purchase an app just to try the full feature give me a couple of days of the full service to see if I liked your application then I'll pay for it if it's worth it....
Keeps resetting itself to 24 hour mode and changing colors by itself. Of course this started happening after I bought the premium version.
I've paid for premium access on my watch before installing the app on my device. Once I realized that I needed the app to fully utilize the watchface, i downloaded the app only to find that I dont have premium access on my phone. Can this be fixed? Thanks
My step count doesn't refresh! Please fix as this is very frustrating!  Yes I installed Google fit
Samsung s8 seems to be crashing since I installed and running very hot. Any suggestions?
This is my favorite watch face.  Very easy to read, and the options around the face are very helpful as well.  It's nice to just tap a corner of the watch for a timer or to find my phone, or for flashlight mode.
Have LG R sport. It slowed the watch to point it was unusable. Garbage.
Haven't had the chance to try it
Not bad for a watch face, except the price, too expensive
Looks lovely, but if you want to do anything remotely interesting you have told pay for premium access.
Attractive face, interactive, and very customizable. However you'll need to pay at least $1.19 the unlock all the features.
Best watch app I've used to date! Has the fresh new look I've been looking for, and tons of features!
Will not download to watch.  I have the LG urbane with Android Wear 2.0.  The only message I get is pending download.
The best watch face I've had. Clear, clean and classy, great widgets/information and customisations.
Good app  Good battery life overall  Missing to see the burned calories in the main screen
One of the best apps on my watch. Works flawlessly, paid for premium with no regrets!
Clean, easy to read, customizable, well worth the price for premium features and to support future work from the developer.
Used to work. After an update now it's asking for premium payment again. I want a full refund.
Low battery use vs others I've tried. Very clean and quick to see info.
Best watch face for android wear 2 i have used till date with lots of customisation...
Works great for my tic watch! Please continue to update customization options!
The customizations on this watch app are great. Feels like a new watch everyday.
I paid for this app and have absolutely no idea how to access it... no directions
Easy to customize, you have endless watches in one, love it
Very customizable widgets and shortcuts with a slick looking interface.
My fav watchface this month, love the bee preset
Good watch face. Clean and some to set up
Easy to customize watch face and can download more
Great Face! Exactly what I was looking for.
Best watch faces by this app designer!
Nice watch face runs smoothly
Love this watch face. Highly customizable. Get it.
Very nice watch face. May I ask for the following additions: 1. Allow numeric values. Sliders are tricky to sync between settings (e.g. minute and ticker lengths). 2. Allow HEX, RGB or any other color code where color inputs exist. Same reason as above.  3. Add width for tickers, same as there is such a setting for minute.
Digitalog was my favorite watchface for my GWatchR, but I always resented that all the minute ticks showed up with ambient mode. This app completely fixes that and add a bunch of customization. It's truly awesome!
I'm currently using a moto 360 v2 the ambient mode isn't very nice looking. The watch face it's self is really nice, I'd also like to see the weather in Celsius.
Looks good. Time placement should be moved so that it can't be blocked by notifications
The design of this face looks amazing, but one crucial problem is the placement of the time. If you use tilt to wake, it makes it impossible to quickly check the time if you have any active cards, as they cover up the clock. Perhaps if the temperature and time swapped spots, it might work better.
Mine prints out weather but it's showing it as hazy and 84. I live in southern California and it is currently sunny and 91
Looks like a really nice watch face, but I keep getting Viper Red has stopped on my G Watch R. Edit: just uninstalled and it works again. Looks great!
Love the look of this watch face, installed and updated location/weather information with no problems. Would be nice if the colored part of the design was changeable via settings instead of 2 different watch face options.
Looks great in both colours, and hasn't had any noticeable effect on battery life.  Option to swap the temperature and time would be nice.
How do you switch from Fahrenheit to celcius and from 12h to 24h????
This watchface tells me the weather is hazy and cool. It's definitely sunny and hot right now. May try it again later if this problem is fixed.
Doesnt find weather or temp
Looks a bit nicer in the play store than it does on the watch. Not sharp at all. A little cartoonish!
When i searched for watch faces for my phone this came up. Great design, but i can find no way to get it to work on my watch. Will change the review if they reply to this with actual instructions.
I like the red look but the ambient mode is boring and basically useless.
Watch face ideal for circular Android Wear watches. Quite elegant. The red is nice because the watch doesn't come with any predominantly red faces pre-installed.
How do I use this?
It won't work on my watch I tried installing it twice and now can't get a refund 😡
You don't even receive the watch
Great looking on my Lg R watch...i love it
wish I could alter ambient mode face
Hi its really very good watch face but the* time * mostly stays hidden under notifications. Too see the time u need to pull down the notification. To fix this issue you can swap it with day and date ( upside down ) or its not fit for purpose. So here is the problem and solution.
Everywhere I go I get people asking me what watch I have. I have the LG-G Watch R work as black plastic watch band. With this watch face as well as the slick watch itself it's really a head turner. The watch face never lags and the information is always correct, unless it is disconnected from your phone then your phones battery information is not correct and the date can get a little off.. -SirO Reviews (reviewed on: LG-G Watch R) if you found this helpful, please thumb up this review
The best among many face I've tested. Thank you developer. Just one little detail to make it perfect. A little icon to notify when the mobile phone has any unread notification or calendar event.
I like this face a lot but I don't care much for the week and day info. Please consider showing the weather instead. Also a change of the hands color should be nice including a second hand. Just a question about burn-in protection. I see no pixel shifting to prevent burn-in. Developer please reply :-)
This version does not work with the new Android Wear update
Love the way it looks if it would only work on Gear S2. Could someone on the development team fix it for Samsung.
I need max heat weather and low temperature  and humedity too grafics
Being able to change the color of hands would make it perfect. Hard to see hands on dark faces.
Please add few more functions to make it more the perfect military watch. Ex. Compass, altimeter, wind speed direction... Thx
Was broken on my Urbane, dev fixed it super fast and now it's just what I was looking for 5*
This is a lot better than the other binary faces currently available for wear. Not sure why you're only at ten downloads right now, maybe it's brand new? The only thing I'd change would be to add an option for round makers. Good show sir.
This is a great watch face and finally figured out how to upgrade to full paid version.  I did notice, as others have noted, that it makes Mini Launcher and ok Google, and other native android wear apps lag when watch face custumozatnions are added (e.g. day, date , and battery widgets.) so minus 1 star.  Other than that, an absolutely beautiful watch face.  (LG Urbane running latest Android wear on watch and HTC m7 stock phone). Will rate 5 stars when lagging issue resolved.
Very nice anr clean design but poor implementation.  - Had to restart Android Wear to get the premium features after paying   - It crashed my watch  - The dimensions are not properly adoptive anr on my Tag watch the small dails overlap with Hours.   Very nice ambient mode though.
The face looks great,  I do think the dials need a lock feature as easily changed by tapping without realising and the phone battery indicator doesn't always update unless refreshed in the wear app
Couldn't upgrade to access the full feature. Finally figured out to swipe screen left to access a different page. And i can't even get the refund!
I really liked the face and i went ahead and purchased  it.  I do feel the need to lock the dials on the face.. Since tapping the changes the dial type on the face.  Also a slightly more customization would been sweet.  Like changing the size of the numbers or changing them to bars.
Unable to evaluate fully on the free version because most of the features are locked out. For the free version,  you get a plain dial with just time and the ability to select between red or blue lettering.
I purchased the premium access...it doesn't display the hours or second marks. The dials only give me the needles, no digits or text. I tried contacting the author - almost a week with no response. Disappointing, as I really liked the design that was being promised.
Only thing I miss is a weather dial. Otherwise 4-5 stars.  But I really like the glowing outer ring of the watch in all colors.  Great job
Love the look, can't get to asserting, no small dials for me!
I love the design and even bought it in full, however, once I've started customizing it with little dials, the watchface started having some bugs. Wrist gestures would not work, and the OK Google launcher failed to launch after saying "OK Google" several times. It just doesn't work. Wrist gestures work once you've actually managed to swipe a whole card up to fill the entire screen. Once it's back to the watch face, I would have to manually swipe up again. The same goes for swiping left to use the "OK Google" launcher. Those two things I have to do manually. This is all done on a second gen Moto 360.I have even uninstalled and reinstalled and had the same problem.  Please address these issues, as I really do like this watchface out of all the ones I've used.
Cannot change anything. Cannot figure out how to upgrade to possibly change anything. There is no control app for this. Am I missing something? Please help TY
Bought this watchface but it doesnt display any hours on my LG Urbane 2nd edition, even though they are enabled in the app.
Watch face not displaying correctly Michael Kors Android watch doesn't display hands numbers minutes nothing paid version installed
It's good looking watch face but it not work properly, because the mobile battery status is not updating and you have to update manually in the google wear !!!!
Didn't work well for me however did like the face
Like the app as per other users comments it would be good if you could lock the small chronological dials.
Free version doesn't entice me to pay.  Lacks everything. Would be nice if you could sample some of its "potential."
Just a very good looking watch face that looks perfect for an evening function
Didn't work on lg watch sport
Love this watch face! It's very elegant. But I hope it could be more cooler and more futuristic what the Ben watch face express
I can't use it for my gear 2 it just not showing up  anywhere in watch face
That coloured ring is like sorcery! And I love it
Picture shown was not the actual watch face
Very nice watch face, but the red/blue circle should be optional
Will not show numbers, minute markers.
I can't find the option to buy plus features. Please assist.
A few more choices for the small dials would be good
I like it 🙂
Good job
Classic, simple and very nice
Better than ever
Not as advertised
Boo dumb
The best!!! is all i can say!!!
Great
Looks amazing, simple
They tha  truth....2 thumbs up...Bless...
Damn hot
Awesome Look
Love it
Like app makers updates :)
Love the look
It changed my life.
FSM the one true and statistically valid belief!  We have charts!  R'amen!
Great watchface but has been pirated
May your day be noodly and filled with many great sauce
This watch face is the perfect way to show others that you are a true believer. It is oft rumoured that pirates, the original pastafarians, had very similar time pieces that they used to navigate the vast oceans. Make sure you don't get lost in today's spaghetti-monster-less world by wearing this watch face with pride!
Long live his noodliness!
Looks good on the Moto 360
Love the clean design. However, recently I am unable to pull up day of month. It only shows name of month, with the day of month so small you can't read it. Please bring back the option to have just the day of month -- as shown in your Google Play description examples.
The atmo faces look nice and are well designed.  Support for card previews in ambient mode would be nice.
The center square covers the atmos logo. Other than that, great face!
Something that makes my watch looks like a watch
The atom logo is covered, plz fix it.
Have purchased, refunded, re-purchased, uninstalled, and re-installed twice and still won't show up in my Wear App or on my watch. Have numerous other faces that have shown just fine within seconds after attempting this one. Please Fix!!!
Can't wait to see more designs.
I really like this look!
No option to save birthday and other settings.  Cannot select watchface on Moto360
Excellent support from developer.
It never worked on my note 5.
Very  nice app
No weather info
Fun
And the androids seem pixelated. Just needs some refinement.
Good
Most of all your watch face looks perfect on my new LG Watch Sport
I use it to manage time for my travel ball teams works great
I've emailed the dev a week ago and still haven't got a response. As I explained in my email the timer works after I mash my watch repeatedly 30 times to get it going. I haven't got the stop watch to work at all.
My new favourite on my Huawei.  The second hand sometimes stops.  If you can fix that I would happily give it 5 stars!
Good luck morning all. 👍 नववर्षांचे आह शुभेच्छा. . .
I'm Not Like Apps
Wacth AW-7
Very nice app✌
Changi shaie
Very good
Po
Ok
Great app
Nice
I would like to see MORE customization for $2.50. Background photo. Tap to launch fitness app, step & other insights. It's a great start but let's keep going, please
I like the look, but the steps done match the Google Fit steps. Besides that I don't have any complaints.
This watch face fits my needs but what i would really like to rate is the customer service i received i was having a problem and they took the time to walk me through the settings the problem was 100% me not the app so thank you for the time you spent
Not worth the download
Great app but purchase system isn't reliable. I have purchased premium features on my watch and it looks works, while I don't get premium access on my mobile device.  Overall watch is great.  Edit: It takes time to sync with the mobile device, therefore I put 5 stars.
Installed guardian and bought the premium never loaded to my watch won't save any presets or load any presets I'll give the programmer some time to figure out what's wrong and get back with me
There is a major problem with this watch face. You cannot see the number of unread notifications on the watch face either the active or ambient ones.
Have to say I am disappointed. Looks exactly to be what I needed with feature rich options but can't set the background to a solid color.
Great one! I wish it could properly display the next event though
Would like to be able to customize the info available on ambient screen a i.e. disable digital
Exactly what I was looking. Has everything I wanted and it looks great!
Nice!  Easy to see and configure!
Face looks awesome but how do put the face on the gear
So far I like this.  Very customizable especially with the Android companion app (must also download the app to your phone). I have to see the battery life but the options are great.  Also posting that video is very helpful! I bought the premium (using LG Watch Style).
Very visually appealing and customizable functionality of shortcuts and widgets are seamless all around a great watch face however I've noticed that once choosing a widget for the complication (2.0) setting you cannot change it to something else which is a bit annoying if anyone has some insight on this it would be most pleasant... cannot change COMPLICATION (2.0 WEAR) WIDGETS
if you love customization, you're only limited by your imagination. All sorts of ways to create and save faces from casual to professional settings. Highly recommended and it costs less than a coffee
Nailed it. Works as it should. Works on the huwaei 1 watch. Looks really epic
Really creative arrangement of information. I really like the options on premium version.
Incredible design. Pretty awesome and works for me on a daily.
Another nice watch face. Thank you!
Great interface.
Good but can be better.
Awesome design
I've only had my Smartwatch 2 for a week, and, as you do, I've tried loads of watch faces. This is the only one that I've paid the premium features on! It looks great, fills the screen nicely, and just had (even on the free version) a premium look and feel. I bought the Dev some cheese!
Like the face but I paid for premium and in the phone it shows premium but on the watch it is not premium. Thanks that resolved the issue, odd as other watch faces are synched instantly.  Any chance of a complication displaying watch and mobile battery in one? I have it in other faces but don't see an option here.
Great little app that works well with my fossil watch and gives you the options to make it look the way you want it, the only down side is that you will probably need to buy premium to really make it look it's best.
Do I have to buy premium again if I change my phone ?
My new fave. Easy to read. Does loads of things.
Did not work
Lets try this first!
Well, I truly love this watch face, but I'm recent months it has been completely unable to sync with Google Fit despite multiple reinstalls and checking all permissions. It's a 5/5 app except for these issues.
This has already become my favorite watch face. It's full of features that are easy to set up. I'm a big fan of many of these watch faces.
Purchased the premium version, really like the ability to access apps directly from the main watch face. Very handy and easy to use
Pretty cool face. The free version is just fine but I may purchase the premium just to show support.
Great watch face. Upgraded to premium and love the features. Highly recommend.
Great watch face. Lots of customisation
Does what it says
Nice watch faces
Nice
Looks good, I like the shortcuts and everything. BUT one thing... WHY is impossible to turn off the digital watch?? For the developer, make the option to turn the digital watch off. And you will de my hero..
This watch face is one of the better ones but it shows that I have an unread sms when I actually do not. I have checked and double checked my sms app but the watch face still shows one unread sms.
This developer has a great variety of innovate watch faces and this one is no exception. A sharp clean face which shows a good deal of information!  - bbb
Fantastic watchface. I haven't found a way to remove the litter digits yet but hopefully that comes in the future. Rule_Two_
Beautiful watch face with a ton of options. I only wish you could choose a picture for the background. Like a gallery image, etc
It should be much better if we can customize the interface more, and the creator add more features

I would like the ability to choose the background and clock color.
Hello, I like this watchface very much. The ambient mode works very well so well in fact that I usually dont use it but it looks cool with this watchface. However there is one minor hiccup, the "clock face" toggle doesnt seem to do anything on my moto 360 v2. It seems to not make a difference in ambient or full power mode.          Update: Dev contacted me after I reported a small issue on moto 360 this has been fixed so as promised I have upped my rating to 5 stars. Good support and good communications.
Enough said!
Very nice concept and attractive watch face.  Does exactly what it should do!
Looks great in the photo. Once downloaded, it shows installed but not accessible in any way.
I love how easy it is to sync my app from my phone. It is even more awesome that I can earn gift cards while I get healthy! I think it is a great way to get people to have a healthier lifestyle and who doesn't love free gift cards? The app is super easy to use and I'm glad I found it :)
I love this app because it makes it so easy to track all of the data from my Android Wear watch so I can stay on track with my fitness goals. Being able to earn gift cards to movie theaters and restaurants is just a bonus!
Really enjoy this app, because it's a different way to give myself motivation to workout. The way I can work out an receive gift credit that I can track right from my Android device is amazing!
It kept telling me I had no internet. I tried turning off my wifi and that didn't work either. Uninstalling.
At the moment i dont have android wear, but this app have function use android mobile sensor. That help a lot to track my workout
The idea of having an app where you can be assisted in your fitness endeavors and receive bonuses for it is extra motivation for me to work out. Great concept!!!!
Trying to know how this app works I have the Android moto 360
This app has a really good concept
I like the idea of a fitness app a lot where one gets rewards for working out. I think it should show some quick start tutorial screens first though before showing any ads or similar. When i got an ad as first thing i initially thought that was the whole app.
There are no instructions on how to work this app. The syncing only works if u are wearing a compatible Device  .Nothing registers on the app due to the syncing not working.
This app is definitely different, but it's cool to the fact that I can basically earn money and work out at the same time lol .
The concept is cool and great for those who stay busy.
I am the person who didn't have smart watch. But, this apps is really cool for who possess a smart watches, capable of consistently in tracking personal activity levels and manage it. The apps provide simple concept such as set personal goals, earn reward points for excising and to achieve your personal goal. Use those points to obtain those fitness stuffs that I want and including gift cards, or upgrades for the smart watch that usually certainly wants. I love the points exchanging or purchasing system, because I could continue use this app as long enough to purchase anything with accumulated points. Without a smart watch, this app doesn't do more thing.
I've been using the apps since it first came out. There were very minor issues with the old version, YET the new version fixed them all and added tons of new features to make the apps more interactive for daily uses (the gift card is a huge plus and My Fit is a must have). This new version worth my 5 golden stars!!!!!
It does not sync with my Misfit shine, it also needs to be cross integrated like other apps are with the Misfit app. This app would be great to enhance my experience with my shine if it synced up. Also it would be better if it opened up to the fitness page not the rewards.  My Fitness apps I really only want for the functionality not for rewards.
I just loved this concept. You get real gift card for burning calories!  I get consistently motivated to workout more because of the rewards waiting for me on the other side. It solves the no 1 problem for regular workout routine - 'Starting trouble'. Looking for more cool updates. Thanks heaps.
I am always on the go so this app has made it possible for me to start tracking my calories and activity.  I have already made some positive changes to help with my weight loss goals.  To top it off, you can even earn gift cards!  What is not to like about this awesome app!
I think this app is great for those of us who are unable to keep track of how much we do physically each day. Since I have been out of the military fitness has been the last thing on my mind. This app might just help me loose these extra pounds I have gained. Health is at the forefront of what Tempo is all about. I will keep you posted on that weight loss.
It does well to keep track of your levels of fitness and is simple enough to understand. Only thing I didn't like however were all the adoffers before getting to the app.
I was a little skeptical about this app at first as a lot of apps will promise gifts and prizes as a way to just get people to download. This app really offers real treats though, just from me utilizing it during my workout. It definitely motivates me to work out more.
No smart watch? Don't bother. This app seems like it might be really cool for users that own smart watches, capable of accurately, consistently tracking their activity levels. It's  a neat concept: track your exercise levels, set personal goals, earn reward points for excerising and for achieving your personal goal, then use those points to get stuff you want, including gift  cards, or upgrades for the smart watch you almost certainly own if you continue using this app long enough to earn sufficient points to purchase anything.  Without a smart watch, though, this app doesn't really do much of anything. You can set it to track your activity level using just the accelerometer on your phone, and user input data, but - at least in my case - my phone isn't sensitive enough, or reliable enough, to track my activity level with any satisfying degree of accuracy.  Additionally, the user interface leaves something to be desired: glitching while creating an account, forcing login through facebook, failing to clarify a unit of measurement when inputting your height, etc.  Neat concept,, probably great for some. For me though, it was pointless.
What a cool idea?! An app that allows you to earn gift cards by being active! I've already started, and can't wait to see how much I can rack up in gift card credits!
Great little app, shame it's based only in America. Would have been good to have at least some access for gues users but overall the interface is simple and easy to navigate, and is great for tracking your fitness!
This app is great for those like me on the go. I like how I can receive gift cards for just normal things that I do already so why not get gift cards too. A very unique app that I enjoy using.
Was a little confused on how to use it. It could have been easier to use. The visual isn't as appealing as I had hoped either
I like this app. I can't ever really keep up with my fitness. So this app really helps me out and shows me what I can do and what is to much for me.
An awesome app, make it possible to track your health and fitness activities even if you do not have a smart watch. If you love having runs, this is definitely the app for you, I would recommend this app for anyone who is in for fitness. It's statistics and track information is a plus when it comes to watching your fitness stats. great app!
Awesome App, very easy to used and layout made it simple to see. One of my favorite apps to used because you get rewards with some of the best gift cards you can get. For being active to get or stay fit for a healthy life. Highy recommend this....
It seems like it would be better for users who have a smart watch to sync it with since most phones aren't sensitive enough to really feel the movements. Just playing with the app on my phone it does seem like a really useful app to help keep track of physical activity etc. It's a little irritating that it constantly goes to the store rather than the my fitness page, so there's a lot of button presses needed to get to your information. Could maybe use some guidelines to help with setup as well.
I hate the ads  , but it is a good  app. Im very fit so this doesn't  help me necessarily  but its good to have a visual  sometimes
This is a great app and I think it's also an important one. After losing 80 lbs in the past year I've learned the importance of a healthier lifestyle. If rewarding someone is the way to go then so be it. I love thst you can stay fit,  meet fitness goals and get gift cards at the same time. How motivating.
This has to be the most user friendly health and wellness app I have ever seen. It adds a fun aspect to fitness. The rewards are good  to work for. I love the fact that you select which topics you want to read. I can imagine how much better this with the Smart Watch. I would highly recommend this app to anyone at  any level of health and wellness.
I'm a slacker when it comes to working out but I really like gift cards. The answer......this app. It's a great way to motivate you get healthy. Easy and fun to use. Get a MAJOR jump on your New Year's Resolution.
This application has a great concept for those who are dedicated and have a lot of work out goals and keep on track. However, I can't keep up with myself or what my day is going to be like so this isn't for me. It is nice you can earn rewards for your goals and exercise.
The color scheme is a bit off. And the layout could be better but other then that i love it
This is really an awesome and interesting app.  Why would you be rewarded for doing something you should be doing like staying fit?  That's what this app does.  You get rewarded with gift cards just by using it.  Track your fitness, track your progress and stay on track with your fitness goals, just amazing!  Who wouldn't use this???
This is a really fun and comprehensive app. I LOVE that I can not only track my food and water, but I can also catch up on the latest news. That's a really cool feature. As a foodie, I am super excited about the Whole Foods gift cards.
Convert your steps into amazing GIFT CARDS i love this app and i use it every day for converting my steps into amazing GIFT CARDS. the design of this app is great and it's best app in own category. i give 5 stars for it and I'll introduce it to all m friend and family. thank you very much.
Very laggy with my LGG3. Trying to buy something and every time I press buy the screen goes black and puts me back out to the main screen O_o?
Cool apps to help keep track of ur fitness and activity level. No need to spend money on those smart watch, just download this app for free and monitor ur physical activity today!
As the title suggests i really like the look of the watch face, however, it seemed like it drained my watches battery in 4 hours, however its been stuck on 6% for the last 4 hours...bug maybe? Fixable with an update? I really like it but i dont know how long its going to last.
I am old enough that I had a Timex watch with the black face that showed the time as a red LED and it was so advance in the 1970's, the time showed when you turned your wrist.  I want that watch face, this is real close, I would like options to turn off everything but the time and make time larger or smaller.
Great idea, but background to the time blends into the numbers being shown often, so time is always 88:88.... Shame
I just got it and figured out how to change the colors I like the colors too bad you couldn't change the colors to whichever one you want I'm sure you can do that in a future update if you want but so far it's a good one keep up the good work Chris
Can you make the dim red lights/ circles more dim.. They aren't dim enough to tell them apart from the ones that are at full brightness and are meant to show the time
Please make a color ambient mode,  the black and white mode is boring and will probably use the same amount of battery power as a color one.
I have downloaded this but can't find it on my watch or phone. Edit: it took about half an hour to appear on my phone. Happy with it so far.
Would look really cool if the color stayed in ambient mode.  As it stands, the fade to white really kills it.
I am stuck with red. How to change to green or other colors.. Tx.. Very retro.. Love it
The watch face does nothing but crash on LG Watch Urbane
Could be improved slightly if you had the option to keep the LED colour in ambient mode. Would but the paid version of it did that!
A nice face for showing off my watch. Wish I could keep the screen from going ambient longer to watch the seconds go by
It would be great to receive advice on how to go about changing the colors.
gd St u r jg deu g ddxftui
I like it but the background LEDs are too bright and it is difficult to tell the time. It looks like 88:88 all the time.
the only thing missing is the complete date.
Like the design and ability to change colors.
Still trying to figure out how to get this on my gears S watch. Doesn't show up in my gear manager either
Doesn't work on Sony Smartwatch 2
Hoping to see in a update new colors like orange or purple I love purple haha maybe even teal
I downloaded it but I can't find it anywhere.
Down loaded it for my new s2 classic but can't  find it
I'm probably going to get the paid version soon. Nice interface
Really clean simple face..nice
I don't like the look of it
I download it but how can see it in my watch samsung gear s2
Love devs who take the time to make app that are great and free. This is what makes android the best.
Down loaded it, but as yet still can't find it?!!!!
If the color remained from active to ambient then this would be nice.
Simple and well done app with a great look.
I like this face a lot very simple and retro !
Cool watch face, wish there were more like it !!
Time warner
Love it! Simple, effective, seems to be light on battery.
Looks good but lacks a date !
Thank you
Nice nice I like much
Waste of time
Clean,  no bugs
Classic
Throw in an option for a date and a white background.
Love the watch face would like a light background option and ability to change colors of the dial. Keep up the great work 5 stars when that changes
Add a Date and I'll give it a 5
Very elegant! Love it!
Great colors on the black/grey, the rainbow looks childish. However it doesn't seem sharp or crisp looking on the moto 360. Also, the gears take a while sometimes to pop-up after coming out of ambient mode, otherwise great watch face.
Came here from Libraries for Developers. The watch face is very good. Any chance of square layout?
Looks like in pics!
I love this concept and the colors, but it looks unpolished and blurry.
Great potential but like a few other comments I saw needs more detail and color choices.
Doesn't work with the LG Urbane - no sleep mode or notifications. It looks great but could use some tweaking, or ability to change colors.
Looks ok I couldn't edit colors on it
Missing weather phone call and messaging
My watch face won't change colors....
I think you should throw some credit to Kisai though.
Cool color picker
Perfect! Does what it's super to do and dies it better than the rest of them at play store.  @Marcus, is there any progress on the iOS app you started on a while back? That will make the app complete as I have to rely on Pacer app for the social experience ( Pacer does not do data sync with Google Fit but does with apple health and has no Android wear support) which is not so good on Android as it is on iOS. Will really appreciate a response.
Excited to find this app because it promises to sync data from FitBit and Google Fit to name just a couple of apps/accounts. I have FB and GF authenticated, but steps don't seem to be populating into the app or displaying on my phone (Huawei Watch 2). Also cannot figure out how to access any available options for the watch face (assuming there are any). The issues could also be with the watch since it keeps losing Wi-Fi connectivity. Hoping it's not defective. The steps on my FitBit are greater than what the app is showing, so I still need to figure out what is going on. Other than that this app has an awesome design and is full of information with great potential. Thanks Marcus!
I really love being able to compete with my friends who have FitBits (I use Google Fit). My only complaint is the frequency with which it gets my data from Google Fit. My sister's FitBit updates constantly throughout the day, but mine only seems to update once at the end. Still a great app that I was missing for the longest time!
So far, I have installed the app and tried to connect both Google Fit and Moves accounts, both separately and one at a time, and I always receive "Error syncing data" message.  Additionally receive  "Error fetching location" when trying to enable location, even though location is enabled in the phone.  I would really like to try the app, if it was actually working.  Edit:gave it a second chance.  Tried to log in with both Facebook and android.  Both told me I had logged in, but I was unable to move on from that screen.
Like this app, but sleep has never synced got me, and most recent update broke it on Pixel XL on 7.1.2. All just force crashed, so I uninstalled and re installed, now it won't even connect to my Google account. Hope it will be fixed soon.
The app that I have been searching for - to connect my Fitbit data to Google Fit. Simple interface. One time quick connection between each account of Fithub. The only issue I have is the syncing interval between Fitbit to Fithub - it does not allow manual syncing and it only syncs at the end of the day. So far I have no syncing issue with Fithub to Google Fit.
Tried it again after a year and a redesign... now I can't logon with Google or facebook.... It looked promising connecting with both Google Fit and Jawbone UP. Once installed it quickly loaded the past history from both Google Fit and Jawbone. After that it barely updated the info from the 2 connected apps. It did once when I rebooted the phone but that was it. Additional reboots did nothing. So far it has been useless as it doesn't update the Jawbone data nor the Google Fit data. ASUS Zenfone 3 ZE552KL on Android 7 with UP3
Just did an 8 mile bike ride with my dog, added it to google fit, and installed fithub to try and compete against my wife who has a Fitbit. It will not add the data from the Google fit account even with the sync permission granted.
App keeps telling it needs to authenticate my FitBit but when I go there it says it is already authenticated. Does this several times a day.
Does what it's needed! Simple, combine different brand devices.  Btw, any chance for me to choose "add up" data from 2 smartwatches instead of "averaging"? Would be great because I want to wear my fitbit for jogging but my Android wear for work :)
Nice interface and if it gets fleshed out to provide all of the missing functionality it'll definitely deserve a better rating. Heart rate data? Nope. Sleep info? Not there. Other sports e.g. cycling? Nope.
So far this seems ok. Wish you could link up friends from other fitness devices and challenge them. For some reason this can't find my location
I will set my steps at 6000 and it changes back to what I guess is a default amount of 8000. Other than that it's a good app.
After choosing a Google account the app would not progress. Uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times with no resolve. I do not with to use my Facebook info. Disappointed.
I cannot get this to pick up my location, so I can't add any local friends. Not happy.
Eventually uninstalled:  tried for more than a month, but finally got tired of the multiple-times-per-day error messages it generated on my LG G4 running Android v 6.0  Maybe on other hardware/software combos it is better, but for me, no joy.
Connects to Google fit but not fit bit on my note4.
Worked very well until the end of August and hasn't recorded any steps since despite my work and family life involving lots of walking.
Does nothing... just gathers ur info and then keeps crashing again and again
Google connection doesn't work, does nothing after accepting permission
Started out working great with Moto 360 and Google Fit, but now is not working and has turned into a pain. I'm now looking to replace it.
No love for Garmin though.
Got stuck in the login with G/F page.
Seems like a nice app, if only I could actually log in. I'm on stock android, Google pixel 2 XL
Just doesn't work.
Good work so far. It would be nice to sync the weight data from Fitbit and display it
Would love to give it a higher rating but it will not connect to my moves app.
Wouldnt let me sync with fitbit
Can't even sign in with Google
It keeps crashing
Garbage
Awesome
Wanted something that gets data from Google Ft and Fitbit. This one works fine !! Able to compete with friends on different devices in a single app ! Great Job Dev !!
I used to really like this app, but now I can't connect Google fit  :-( please fix
Works great with fitbit
Developer responded quickly and is fixing the issue. Thank you!
Google fit doesn't connect :(
Can't connect to Google fit
Wish Xiaomi would let you support Mi Bands. Great for android wear.
How do you get it to track sleep though all I use is Google fit and sleep as Android. What sleep apps are available for this or do I have to go buy a wristband
-moto360
Works great!
Good1
When I look at my wrist, I know it's time to fly dangerously   7o
The ability to change the accent colors would be nice, or maybe just variants of the application with different colors.
Really enjoy it, pictures show it all
Does not show up in android apps
7o
Love it!
ZERO customization options, otherwise I would give this 5/5. Runs great and looks great.
Beautiful and truly mysterious watchface. Love the colors. But I wish it was more customizable, e.g. I want always to see the fox, and to see date and weather would be nice.
Good, but no hourly sound/vibration and no weather information. Good support.
Love this watchface, however it completely disapeared from my Moto 360 watch face list. Hope it gets a fix.
I'd wish I could always see the fox, other than that, great watchface.
Stunning!
Nice but needs customization
Very nice
Beautiful. Best I've seen yet!! Wish there was a date on it tho.
Nice .. Just neeed 1 analog styleeeee
I had this watch face a year ago when I got my smart watch and now I'm going back to it. So cute!
So pretty.
Pretty!
Love it
I love the art and effects however sadly on a lg watch r or lg watch urbane the sleeping state/dimmed r view occasionally corrupts and leaves an awkward static on the screen which is resolved with a notification or a touch. If this were fixed I'd be happy to pay for this. I have sent screenshots and an explanation to the developer but sadly nothing has come of it. Otherwise fantastic.
My fave watch face so far!. Love that you can change wether you want the stars twinkling or leafs blowing ect I've just downloaded so seeing how much battery it drains as mine never seems to hit below 80% in a day. Unless I'm reading wrong, it says my watch wouldn't support it being an s2 but it works beautifuly. Only gripe I have is that there's no date but all I've had to do is move the calendar so it's a case of turning my watch to see the date which isn't hard by any means
I like the art style of the watchface. The effects are really nice and being able to turn them on or off is helpful. My only problem is not having a day/date to view on the watchface. I did have a problem with the watchface after I put my Moto 360 1st gen on charge. The watchface stopped responding and showed it was in airplane mode until I changed the watchface.
This watch face is literally my favorite thing about my watch. It isn't functional, but it is beautiful & elegant in a way that always brings a smile to my face. Even other smartwatch owners are jealous. My friend w/ a 2nd gen Apple Watch is super jealous of this face. THANK YOU DEVELOPERS/ARTISTS!   -- edit: I also get the "white static face" screen bug in my ZenWatch like other reviewers. But it only happens when I am charging the watch, & goes away with a touch. No big deal for me.
The grey watch face is so beautiful, and the animals change every time，and they would come out when you tap different places on the watch face. But it crashes sometimes, and the brightness in ambient mode seems to be dimmer than expected.. solve it please
I think a bug is causing overheating problems. When this watch face is active the watch will randomly shutdown and charging will not complete. It will get stuck on a random percentage that's not 100! It's a shame because it's very nice and my daughter loves playing with it.
The only thing I would change would be too make the time font bolder on the grayscale ambient screen. Other than that? Perfect!
Looks great.  But you get odd corrupt looking errors on the lg g watch (looks like an old tv with no reception).
Very attractive! Drains the watch battery quickly if all effects are turned on, but is still very pretty without them! This is my new favorite. :3
It's a really neat watch face. Pleasant to look at. The details are a very nice touch, even if they drain battery a little more.
This watch face is so cute! It lost a star because the visuals corrupt every now and then
Love the simple night in the forest idea. Fireflies are absolutely fantastic. Minute details like the leaves animation are classy. But tradeoff is the battery sacrifice which one has to live with. But still it is good to set it whenever we have a need to relax.
Watch face is basically a drawing of a forest. I only saw an outline of the fox in ambient mode.
Love it but it doesn't display the date 🙄
Mine never shows the bunnies :(
I like the watch face, however, it has a bug that prevents my watch from charging completely overnight.
Just installed it for my tag connected watch.. love the gray ambient.. and now this will be my 2nd fav watch face so far.. please also add day & date.. that will be very helpul
I have used this face for a while but so far it has not shown anything other than fireflies. Not sure why?
Love the look and mood that this animated watch face offers. Great work.
totally love the design! it will be perfect Date could be added into the face.
So neat looking 😁 - love how tapping different parts of the screen summons different animals!
Only thing missing is date
Ambient mode screen with deer is awesome.

Simple yet beautiful watch face. I miss the option to put the date on the screen though!
This is the best way to make technology a window to the nature soul
nothing great thought
Okay, but looses the settings for colour chosen for text and other options whenever the watch is turned off. Please fix, then 5 stars.
App on phone caused over 100 tabs to open in Chrome spamming it's website. Nearly crashed my phone and took considerable effort to uninstall. Beware.
My watch face is a dark grey when I use it. It just shows the time on top.  This does not work for lg urbane 2nd edition. Looks cool but wished it worked on my watch.
IndeedThe digital animations are indeed very deep, and I love it.
Didn't work just got me to look at ads
Great animation
The full intrusive ads makes the watchface not worth it at all. Why are ads popping up after the app is closed? Awful and Google should ban apps that have ads as intrusive as this app has. Junk.
... does not work at all on Huawei watch - Android Wear 1.3 and 1.4
This "face" forbids any other input on the watch. I had to do a factory reset on it while it spammed me with ads. This is borderline malware.
Moto360 dropped battery 10% and made watch really warm
no weather no battrey show
Watch face
No good
Uninstalled a couple times now and still get no companion app.  Default colors and settings are kinda ugly (at least to me) and with no way to change them, its a deal-breaker.
Easy to use and change the design and color of the watch face. Make the changes to the design on your phone. Click sync. The changes immediately appear on your watch!
Daily driver. Thank you!!
The weather is not accurate at all.  Having difficulty getting texts.
Very good app and great faces.   Would be even better if it had an option to increase the width of the hands/change their shape.
This is one of my favorite watch face. It just is classic
After the last update is not work...Please fix.
Flashy
The look the options just everything about it is done really well. Kept up to date as well the last update was very good. They listen to feedback
Love it! One of my favourite faces. My only problem is that the maximum /minimum temperature is both showing the current temp all the time.  Update: fixed! Great responsive Dev! Fixed in a day.
I'm running this on a ZenWatch. Nice concept but this needs some work. The multi-colored border around the watch is tacky IMO. There should be an option to disable it. Weather info is hard to read in dimmed mode. I'd love to see a gray and a white color option. Actually, why not just have a color wheel so that you can choose any color? Has potential to be a lot better.
Awesome  but battery life on moto 360 seems to be pretty bad, was at 30 % after only a few hours the first day I used it.   Still gets 5 stars though as I'm sure this will get better with time. -- Didn't see a reply option so adding to this.  I am giving that a try actually, that is some impressive battery life.  Also uninstalled some stuff that might be running as well. Its possible that it just uses more than my previous watch face app and I have to adjust slightly to be able to use yours.  Which to recap is awesome.
App crashes if I try to select any other colour apart from orange.
Dev is fast in fixing issues.
LG G Watch. Never synced with watch And no way to change settings
Really nice, but can you add the insults in the middle and the first sentence? Please... Like "**** it is  ****  ****" where the * is the insults
Minimalist implementation
interface is lacking, also didn't work after the first face was created, failed a few times to send to watch and experience is extremely underwhelming. But this app is exciting, when they get it right it'll be a huge success - until then, I'd wait for updates.
Incredible selection of distinct, clean designs. Watch three "how to" video to install properly. Not perfect, when trying to customize beyond designers faces... Sometimes it's not recognized by my Asus Zenwatch 2.
Made my own face;(syfi theme); which is now my favorite.... wish there were more items to add, like adding a compass or other things. Enjoy your cup of java....
Only just getting into customising my west faces and so far this is really good. Sometimes a little laggy but overall it works very well. Would recommend...
Very nice app. There are literally hundreds of watch faces you can choose from but if you can't find one you like use this instead. You can choose any image and have it as a watch face.
I wish the photos added for hands would auto size. I am not sure how I can resize pics on my phone for this app. And now that the wrong size pics are used, I cant take them off. Need a reset button. Im stuck with my photos for hour/min/seconds taking up full screen on watch...help please. I did donate :)
I downloaded this expecting a few decent watch faces, but I was wrong. This is a great watch app that allows you to customize the watch face to make it uniquely your own. The artists that contribute to this are all great!!
This app is really good if you want to put a custom photos as your watch face. The only thing is you have to find some good hour/min hands from Google. You can add a digital clock but i Wish there was a way to select "no watch hands"
But it's hard as hell to make your own face to move a digital watch it's on an x and y enter the percentage code and if you mess it up there's no return to default option
Everything works great! Wish making custom faces would be a little easier, but finding pre-made ones is easy. I'll be sending a coffee your way good sir.
The app took a little tinkering with, but I am please with the end result.
This app is great. It just takes a bit to figure out. It would be nice if you could edit the images you are using for the clock hands and a reset to default button. I had to download 2 different apps to make the clock hands.(instasize and a .png creator called background eraser). All in all I now have a watch face that I didn't have before. And it's awesome. Thanks.
Great for doing dumb watch faces. Worthless if you actually want your smart watch to act like a smart device.
Nice watch faces. Not lots to choose from, but the ones available look great.
I find alot of watchfaces, none i like has dim mode. 7even would have been awesome ..
Very good but it can only load faces from only one website.  When I try to import watchfaces from other sources it won't load them..  But very good overall
Needs some work and the rare crash is frustrating but otherwise good to use.
Thanks very much for your support today Albrecht. I now have this fantastic app working fine on my S6 and Smartwatch 3, super fast and helpful support.
Not as good as (and certainly less capable than) WatchMaker
I think I need to play with this some more.... but I think this could be more user friendly.  But I'm not an app developer. Give me a couple of days, and I will put an addendum.
Create the perfect watch background and markers on watchmaker (free)... then export the watch/picture to yourself (i.e. your email). Save it. Use it with this app :)
Better if could remove one clock for another. The digital and analog clock show on the same face. Changed the images for the min and sec very cool.
Really nice design, easy to use, and you can even edit already existing watch faces made by others to fit your needs!
The app on my phone continues to crash :(
Intuitive interface, creative yet simple.  Outstanding functional art for your day to day living...  would love to see more packs though
Loved it only thing missing is to have your own library to browse through it in the app and not to export it every time
No watch face
I had put a picture and works fine except my ok google doesn't seem to work but I can live without
Doesn't work on my ZenWatch. Works fine on my G Watch but it will not load on the Zen Watch
This is the only app where I have found GOT watch faces and been able to download them!
Does not connect to my watch
Great I've been finding this from the time i get my watch and its free not like others app
It only comea with one face which i like, but i downloaded few more. Very customizable ;)
I would rate 5 stars if you can make the pear wearface interactive
Many watch faces to choose with a great design. Love it. Keep the good work :)
Not very user friendly..
This app is ridiculously the best thing I have ever used.
Had my moto 360  a few hours and already  figured out how to use this app and get some really nice faces. Thanks!
Could be improved a little on the ui side, but a good app none the less
Cut and dry app which is very easy and straight forward to import pre-made and custom designs
Tribble app for my Galaxy S7 and Gear S2. Downloaded twice, paid twice, nothing showed up on my phone or watch. I want a refund!!!
I love it, and it customizable in the best ways. Loving the feature with the batteri life. Great job!!
Visually stunning, and stylish, this watch face is great to look at, and provides easy to read info. Unfortunately, that's about where it ends... This face provides zero interactivity, and crashes every couple hours with alarming regularity. Stay away, except to show off what your watch can do.
Fantastic. Realistic looking watch face. One suggestion - for watches with the "flat tire" on the bottom the numeral 6 is not fully visible. I suggest moving the digital dial to the bottom and to enhance numeral 9.
Thanks for this fantastic watch face, it's still one of my favorites that I keep coming back to. The solution for fixing the options not working did the trick! Thanks!
All black and classy, indeed. Just two suggestions: (1) get a nicer font for the digital time and the date, (2) give the possibility to hide the digital clock and/or the date.
Deserves the money!
Easy-to-use and powerful, indeed
Best Black face!
Looks nice on the LG G Watch R but drains battery way too fast. Went from 100% -12% in 5 hours. Usually I end the day with ~70% left
Looks nice but the calendar never updates to newer appointments and the watch hands are difficult to read.
I wish the watch face would show up with the others, so that I can activate it on my 1st gen. Moto 360! It doesn't show up anywhere to set it as my "face". All this app does is direct you to set the watch face in Android Wear, but it isn't available as an option within the Android Wear app. Once I'm actually able to try out the "face" and it's features, then I'll return and update my review.
It's cute and looks nice on my moto 360 (1st gen) but the weather doesn't fit in the bubble properly. The different colour schemes look lovely. Also a digital version would be really nice!
Rating altered after a long period of waiting until the watch face worked and appeared in  Android Wear
No watchface show in Android wear app
The circles around the date, date, and time/battery indicators are a little bit different. When my Galaxy Gear goes into standy-ish mode, it will use less pixels, colors, etc, and therefor the circles will turn blue. Can you check if ALL the colors in the blue mode are exactly the same. Please change the small circles to the outer stripes color. The light blue gives less strain on the eyes and looks better than the small circle blue (in standby-ish mode). If you give me an email address I can send photos.
Wish I had checked the look of this one before the 15 min timer ran out. Hands are very pixelated on the moto and the color options and night mode do not exist whatsoever! Nothing like what is advertised here.
On I w outdoor activities, the kids were going out to see if I am just got back to work out side of the store and I I I y. Yea I'm good with that the door and a half day of school. I am videoing it was good and bad she walked in on a great day today and I y I f a I y. No problem with it was a great time. I I don't no idea what time do understand the store and I y. h h h h l h I y. I am videoing the end, and a half day of in video game is at least up on me and a half hour ago when I I Alfa fax it is lol l fi
This is truly a nice watch face but the day in the day/date has errors Eg Sun 26 April was showing as Sat 26 of April Also Wednesday is 2 WED not WEN. Dev does not respond to bug reports
Nice look great hope to have redesign in square watch face
Very good
The harms have low res on my moto360.  "ambient mode"'s 3 small circles layout look better than on standard mode. It have lots of potential.  It just need a little re-design work.
I like it
I like the look and the fact you can change the colors, but it gets stuck and stops changing time. Also, when you go to change its look, it just stays the same. So now I feel like I should uninstall this since it's not serving its purpose. I have Moto Z Play if that helps.
Thanks for the great widget dev! I like it but the last update causes the time to freeze on the widget. I couldn't notice a pattern or replicate the issue but I'm sure it's an easy fix. (On an Honor 8 - UK)
This has instantly become one of my favorite widgets!  Becoming a fan of the developer,  keep up the great work. I would like to see the widget automatically change to match with the background. I have open the app for it to take this effect.
The look and feel is amazing. But it's not serving the main purpose. The clock gets strucked at some time and we need to remove the widget again to get it back into correct time. Please work it out
The LWP and daydream are flawless in my opinion. All I need to say is that when setting up the daydream, to prevent screen burn in, turn the background to pitch black and make the inactive color to pitch black as well. You can tap the area of a number to see it.
Lots of color combinations to make, and it's great! One thing: is there a seconds time for the widget? If you add the seconds time for the widget, that would be great! And will increase to a 5-star rating too! 😊
Either create a live wallpaper with just clock n rest being transparent OR make the widget fully animated , plus the custom wallpaper quality is being severely degraded. please fix .thank u.
But why are some numbers like 8 and the curved lines of others like 9 and 2 not smooth. They have these weird bumps on the widget. Is it supposed to be that way?
The clock motions r very fluid except for one area, when the hours change from a double digit to a single digit. Try finding a way to make that transition more fluid.
This is a stylishly simple widget. I searched for hours to finstylishd a simple clock widget and this is exactly what I was looking for! I find myself staring at the design every time I unlock my phone. Thank you!
One major hassle with this app is the interface launches whenever I unlock my phone. Also can you add some option that I can share an image directly to this app to set it as the wallpaper in case of live wallpaper.
This is seriously cool! I've been looking for the io16 counter as a clock for a while now so it was nice stumbling upon this! There are a few inconsistencies. First of all, the custom backgrounds are heavily degraded and secondly, the backgrounds don't scroll (is it called parallax?) with swipes even when a larger size is used as a crop. In fact the crop looks even more degraded! But that's nothing that can't be fixed with an update! Best of luck, looking forward to bug fixes :)
The widget on my screen stops updating time after a while. Fix it in your next update please. Really love the widget.
very nice app. really appreciate your work. one thing i want you to add in app is - add something for screen when its locked. bcoz am getting bored with my regular locked screen.
Great app.. but it's really laggy on both widgets and live wallpaper... using Nexus 6P..
A really cool take on customising your Android homescreen as the clock 🕒 widget gives a stunning neon like effect while being really clean and materialistic at the same time! Only wish u guys also included the ability to turn on second counter in the clock widget too.
Beautiful clock, but app is still extremely laggy, also laggy when entering daydream.
IT CRASHES EVERY 10 SECONDS! It really looks like a cute app but the crashing is getting a bit much.
Great widget and live wall. Beautiful animations but still some bugs, adding custom background didn't crop correctly the picture. I would also like to see an option with the date. Still great work nothing that can't update fix.
This app sometimes doesn't synchronize with my system clock...so I've to again and again click on the widget to refresh it...which is very irritating....I'm using ASUS ZenFone2 ze551ml so team please do have a look and do something please....
My watch face run very good now. But still very laggy...
Lot of battery drain while using live wallpaper. 5% in approx 1 hour. Otherwise great app.
I absolutely love the clock widget on my homescreen but it would be nice if there was a drop shadow option in the settings to better differentiate the (color adapting) font from the background. I know there's an 'outline' option but I'd much prefer a nice drop shadow.
I just got my my new phone a few days ago and I was excited because of the android software, especially sincebive been using an s4 for a while with KitKat. Anyway, this definately changes the way my phone looks in a really good way.
The preset colours work amazing with almost any wallpaper, and it really goes well with my Nova Launcher setup. There should be more of these kinds of useful tweaks on the play store
It's almost microscopic it's about one block wide and just looks like 4 balls of colors. If I change the colors the balls change too but it is coming in way too small. Would love to run it though.
Pls add a feature where we can choose the background for the live wallpaper from a wallpaper picker instead of picking a pic from the gallery so that we can choose wallpapers supplied by custom launchers, etc. Also add a feature where the colours are automatically picked from the wallpaper.
Great app but the time slows down after a while it was 20 mins off after a few hours
This clock has the lots !!!! Live wallpaper, widget and a matching watch face! All fully adjustable in the settings. If want a clock on your home screen but not on the other screens it can be done! With awesome animations. Try it hand and you will not be disappointed!
Can u add a background pic rather than a white screen
Drains batter A LOT; Phone doesn't go to sleep when set to live wallpaper.
In some time live wallpaper switch to a random picture. Why? It makes it useless.
An option for date would be nice for both widget and wearable. A bit laggy on smw3 but loves it.
App has many options, like pulling colours from your wallpaper. The clock can be used as a widget, an animated live wallpaper, and even an android wear watchface. Best of all, it's totally free, not even ads in the config app.
Need support for Android N app crashes. But allows me to change my watch face settings. And not my widget.
One feature request, to prevent screen burn please move clock randomly around the seen in daydream/screensaver
The best thing that ever happened to my homescreen. Awesome work!😃 👍👏👌
One of the best live wallpaper I have used but eats up too much RAM I checked on my RAM and it eats up to 112mb therefore eating battery too, if it eats less in the near future that would be fantastic.
The custom image is not high resolution,even when I am choosing 4k image
Beautiful clock widget. Just a little laggy but great idea.
Needs it bad. Could it be taken directly from the phone? That is what I have my phone setup for. We could switch the main window to the smaller one with the Military time and back and forth. 5 stars if we can figure that one out.                                    9-6-16. Newest update got lots of deep settings for real customizing including Military time! Five stars!
This Doesn't work with my galaxy gear s3 and Xiaomi mi mix .
It is not installing on my casio smart watch
My current daily watch face.. fantastic
The watch doesn't update with time zone changes. I have to keep restarting the watch every time I change time zones. Only with this app.
Brilliant watch face, easily one of my favorites. Doesn't drain battery either.
Nice, looks solid. Two Thumb's Up. 😎🐖😉
Not working with my TicWatch
I like it
Like the detail,works well with urbane watch
Great watch face.  Love it TV
So far so good 😀
Looks great, sporty, stylish
Sweet as
Great app
Great app
Best
Good
Could not get it to work. Maybe it's just me
I have just one line to say."you people have done a great job".still needs some improvement. 5 star next time.
Having a little trouble getting faces on my gear live other than that love it
For me simple but elegant good  job
Have not used it yet. Am trying to open it now.
Awesome work, display on my Moto 360 looks super.
Have to rate before getting to use the app?
Bebkoof baneta hain
Looks very nice
Nothing more to be said
Very Crisp All colors looks fantastic
Looks good, functional.  Thumbs up.
Ok for free..
Looks good
Let me use first
Worth download
Good app
Ok
Good watch face
Watch
Good
Amazing apps
Lots of options, easy on the battery.. good job
It looks beautiful.
Although I can't save any presets yet. Dev responded promptly saying he/she will try to release an update soon with that feature.
So easy to customize!  The true agent can't be without his/her proper representation on their Android Wear.
Great faces and customisation, great support from developer and excited to see additions post anomalies...
Custom settings are awesome! Themes can be changed and can input own info!
Easy to customize, and seamless experience.
Very nice watchface, just need to fix the phone battery that is not correct all the time, often blocked to 62% and need to restart the app to sync again. Maybe a global sync issue, not sure.
Back to being great again - developer fixed a crashing issue literally within an hour or so of me submitting a crash report. More devs should be like this.  By far my favourite watch face.
This face has a ton of options and looks great! I went from a Nexus 5 to a Nexus 6 and now it won't show up. I would love to get it working again. Tech support was fast and I am up and running again! This is seriously so worth the money!
Perfect watchface for Ingress players/fanatics
This is one of the best faces ever. Could you add the ability to colorize the inventory icon
Can you add the interactive function？
Works amazingly. Love the customizations.
Great features
This is easily the most beautiful & customizable Ingress watch. I had fun making it my own. Problems: I had a lot of trouble getting it initially installed on my Moto 360. It wasn't showing up. After resetting everything and giving up, it was suddenly there. CURRENT PROBLEMS: 1) The phone battery % is rarely accurate even after I resync apps and restart both devices. Today it kept showing 16% after it was charged last night. 2) The "next event" is rarely the "next" event. It's usually the 2nd or 3rd.
Would be 5 ⭐ but the phone battery icon doesn't work with my phone. Phone is a Sony Xperia Z3 if that helps 😀
Very attractive, EXTREMELY configurable and customization able. Battery widgets appear to be a bit buggy, but am lovin it!
Awesome watch face
Fantastic!
Easily the most customizable watch face for Ingress agents. Although nearly perfect for my needs, I would love to see the inventory icon include all anomalies, not only the most recent.
Great ingress face, good battery life. Only request would be for main icons to be bigger.
Resistance key should be diamond design
Does not show up on phone, Moto Connect app, or Android Wear app. As well as not on the watch at all. Did what description suggested for troubleshooting did not fix, not address issue of not actually being on phone. Nexus 6 5.1 Lollipop
After the update, it is nice to have option to chose enl or res logo. But, the ingress logo is still not correct. There are three different versions of the hexagram logos. One neutral ingress, one for enlightened and one for resistance each with minnor differences . You are using the resistance hexagram logo variant instead of the ingress version.
Works perfect on my LG G Watch R. Like the customizability of this watchface.
I had a problem and emailed the developer.  He worked with me and got me to solve my problem.  Great watch face
I only had one issue and that is being remedied. This is very customizable and fun to have. Well worth the price for admission.
Still not working, have uninstalled, re installed, synced apps, and it still fails to update watch face. I  running the latest android wear and have a lg g watch.
My Favorite WatcFace
This watch face makes me want to buy more tech. Is there a way we can use this watch face as a widget on a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone?
I really wanted this face but unfortunately it does not work with Samsung Gear S2
Never sync to my moto 360 after change style
Excellent n simple
No matter what I choose for daylight savings time are off by an hour
Looks elegant and stylish. But heavily buggy and freezes all the time. Would've been better if the watch face can be customized from the watch itself. Moreover I never saw any customization page in the wear app that shows ads.
Doesn't load to my watch and even though I bought the Pro version when I change it to green it stays red doesn't matter because can't get it to my watch says Color Mask has stopped wasn't worth the 1.01
Never can set watch face because it crashes. 360 V2
Not a single one setting in free app. Also, no time i  ambient mode, only seconds ring...
Love how it looks on my moto 360 2nd.
Crashes 100% of the time.
Causes crashes to marshmallow
Keeps crashing..
Nice
but drains the battery in minutes ergo unusable! if fixed I will use again and I will give higher score
The options  are just plain and no way to custom it
Drained battery faster than it would charge!   Soon as this face was removed,  watch immediately started charging again.
Sucks hard
Not Bad
Good
Paid for premium service and doesn't work
Simple plenty of options. Love to watch the seconds dots move around my watch
Awesome app, just like all of your watchfaces!
Great app if you know how to use it. T Hema helped me customize for my wants and needs. This is what I would expect from an app and customer service. Kudos!
Happy with the basic thinking if getting premium.
Extremely basic. Unless you purchase a premium account, you can't really do anything at all to customize, except for colors. Widgets and weather is locked, changing anything is locked. I can understand limiting some aspects on the free version, but limiting everything?
Great face, premium upgrade works great and is not expensive.
Awesome apps. I recomended the premium version. For the menu shortcut in the watch face is made a quick access but, It wouldbe more comfortable if you can add shortcut to menu so i dont have to often pinch the physical button on my watch but its just my honest suggestion but overall its a recommended watch face i have so far
Awesome
Can't get past the first screen to see anything. Possible uninstall
Nice layout
Fantastic watch face. The donation option also opens up a bevy of customization options. Props to the Dev for such a solid watchface
Beautiful visible watchface, lots of info easily at a glance, highly customizable. I particularly like the customizable low-bit face.
Good battery life on the Nixon Mission
Beautiful watchface everything working well except pedometer please help devs.
Best watch face ive found so far
Ok
Thanks. Love it
Only thing I wish you could do is change the color of the outline
I love that in the premium version, you can turn off almost everything and make it fully digital! Great App!!
My favorite watch face yet and I have dozens.
Clean. Well done.
Yes
I would give it 5 stars if I could enlarge the font.
Nice functional face does what it was designed to do.
Great support good customisation
Nice job
The face is nice but goes black and white for ambient mode. Might be a plus if you're trying to save battery, but I'd rather it be full color since my battery lasts all day.
Very useful. The shortcuts are practical, especially the "find my phone" one. Well done! Edit: The "find my phone" just paid for itself!!  My phone fell between the cushions of the couch on vibrate and the app made it ring! Perfect!
Clean uncluterd interface that uses little power. 5am to 9pm took it only to 56%
Looking sexy on my Moto360 Sport.
Great looking face!
Interesting app
Is the best
Cool face. Might upgrade one day to get more features.
I like the layout design!
Only thing missing is link to see your calendar. Otherwise it's quite nice and versatile.
Features are nice but first day using it and it has a bug. Green squares of pixels over every location of the widgets.  Uninstalled and reinstalled and still there. Refund?
Awesome watch face and works well
Liked the options. Considering premium..
